Demonstrate	the bush administration is officially endorsing the pro-democracy demonstrations in iran.	Conflict	demonstrations	iran	Place
Transport	And when you arrive there, you are greeted in a sense by Saddam Hussein.	Movement	arrive	you	Artifact	there	Destination
Be-Born	Um,  so when they found the baby, the baby of course had been -- they don't know if the baby was born, through delivery,  or -- if maybe from um -- the corpse I guess.	Life	born	the baby	Person
Release-Parole	What's the deal with parole.	Justice	parole
Meet	A summit between Sharon and his Palestinian counterpart, Mahmoud Abbas, had been planned for Wednesday but was postponed, according to Israeli and Palestinian officials, who blamed each other for the delay.	Contact	summit	Sharon	Entity	his Palestinian counterpart	Entity
Phone-Write	I -- I'm calling you from New York City, Paul, it's a pleasure to meet you.	Contact	calling	New York City	Place	I	Entity	you	Entity
Transport	U.S. satellites have been watching North Korean nuclear activity intently since late last year, when the North evicted international inspectors.	Movement	evicted	international inspectors	Artifact	the North	Agent	late last year	Time-Within
Arrest-Jail	But I don't think it's absolutely critical for the ultimate success of this mission that we apprehend him or find out what happened to him.	Justice	apprehend	him	Person	we	Agent
Meet	But de La Sabliere said before the meeting that Security Council ``must take into account the new realities on the ground.	Contact	meeting
Meet	I think,  the people,  uh,  the people that are in charge, the- eh, the people that run the governments there -- do need to sit down an- and- and be in touch with each other and if they need a mediator or something like that, that.	Contact	sit down	the people that are in charge	Entity
Attack	and as part of that effort, u.s. special forces today raided the home of the iraqi microbiologist known as dr. germ. the woman who ran iraq's secret biological warfare laboratory.	Conflict	raided	u.s. special forces	Attacker	the home of the iraqi microbiologist known as dr. germ. the woman who ran iraq's secret biological warfare laboratory	Place	today	Time-Within
Attack	she didn't become pregnant by choice, she was raped, police say in a group home overseen by the state of florida.	Conflict	raped	a group home overseen by the state of florida	Place	she	Target
Start-Position	he bought the machinery, moved to a new factory, rehired some of the old workers and started heritage programs.	Personnel	rehired	some of the old workers	Person
Attack	Radical leftist, Kurdish and Islamic groups are active in the country and have carried out bombings in the past.	Conflict	bombings	Radical leftist, Kurdish and Islamic groups	Attacker	the country	Place	the past	Time-Within
Attack	Seemingly deserted, these battered buildings hold a deadly threat to British forces in Iraq.	Conflict	threat	these battered buildings	Place	Iraq	Place	British forces in Iraq	Target
Phone-Write	i was on the phone with michelle williams yesterday, when she saw those first pictures on cnn of her husband, and she sleeked with delight.	Contact	phone	i	Entity	michelle williams	Entity	yesterday	Time-Within
Meet	Neither Chalabi nor many other leaders of anti-Saddam groups attended Tuesday's meeting, but they sent delegates.	Contact	attended	Chalabi	Entity	many other leaders of anti-Saddam groups	Entity	Tuesday	Time-Within
Attack	it is a battle group that goes out.	Conflict	battle
Transport	they'll be arriving at ramstein air base in germany a few hours from now.	Movement	arriving	they	Artifact	ramstein air base in germany	Destination	a few hours from now	Time-Within	now	Time-After
Meet	In 2004, I had the opportunity to attend their conference hosted by The University of Texas McCombs Business School.	Contact	conference	I	Entity	2004	Time-Within
End-Position	Another endorsement of the book comes from Barbara Crossette, former New York Times bureau chief at the U.N. who now writes for U.N. Wire, a Ted Turner-funded online news service that covers the U.N.	Personnel	former	New York Times	Entity	Barbara Crossette	Person	New York Times bureau chief at the U.N	Position
Die	friday night in the gaza strip and a journalist is about to lose his life.	Life	lose	a journalist	Victim	the gaza strip	Place	friday night	Time-Within
Attack	She and more than a dozen other members of her Army maintenance unit were ambushed near Nasiriya more than a week ago.	Conflict	ambushed	Nasiriya	Place	She	Target	more than a dozen other members of her Army maintenance unit	Target	more than a week ago	Time-At-Beginning
Attack	Zarqawi's group claimed responsibility for the attacks.	Conflict	attacks
Transport	Fly from Austin, Tx to Boston and stay with friends living in Boston.	Movement	Fly	Boston	Destination	Austin, Tx	Origin
Transport	The draft resolution would limit the U.N. role to helping with refugees and displaced people, reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, the official said.	Movement	displaced	displaced people	Artifact
Attack	Lebanese President Emile Lahoud, meanwhile, was more forthright, strongly denouncing Washington's "aggression" and warning that it could have repercussions beyond the borders of the pariah state.	Conflict	aggression	Washington	Attacker
Marry	He insisted that he needed to make the point, as part of performing the ceremony, that she really needed to be married in the temple, even though her fiance was not LDS.	Life	married	she	Person	her fiance	Person	the temple	Place
Meet	they all reunited with their families.	Contact	reunited	they	Entity	their families	Entity
Attack	wolf, the government will announce a plea agreement that was reached with an ohio truck driver who allegedly has ties to al qaeda, and the driver's name is iman ferris, and according to government sources al qaeda leader, khaled sheikh mohammed told investigators that ferris's order to surveil the brooklyn bridge was the ultimate goal of trying to cut the suspension bridge's cables and he was involved in a plot to drive a truck loaded with explosives onto an airport tarmac to blow up a plane.	Conflict	blow up	a plane	Target
Attack	I mean there's like, genocide in Sudan right now but like, nobody talks about that.	Conflict	genocide	Sudan	Place
Attack	another story out of belgrade, violence at the highest form.	Conflict	violence	belgrade	Place
Transfer-Money	There are awards in 10 million, 20 million, $30 million in California for economic.	Transaction	awards	10 million	Money	20 million	Money	$30 million	Money
End-Position	the pilots are calling the sdebt -- incident a misunderstanding and appealing their termination.	Personnel	termination	their	Person
Elect	If Lou Dobbs, on CNN, at 6:10 Eastern, can say, "This election was a success by any measure," that's good enough for me.	Personnel	election
Attack	Well, basically on the ridge itself it is the most forward Iraqi army positions and we've been watching them very closely for the last month prior to the war to the outbreak of the war and basically these are the positions that control this entire valley.	Conflict	war
Sue	Then there was the class action suit against Gateway brought by some Philadelphia lawyers a number of years ago.	Justice	suit	Gateway	Defendant	some Philadelphia lawyers	Plaintiff	a number of years ago	Time-Within
Attack	another a-10 warthog was hit here today.	Conflict	hit	here	Place	another a-10 warthog	Target	today	Time-Within
Transport	and i just hope and pray that congress will quickly pass the amber alert so that those children will have a better chance because they cross the state line and they're out of commission.	Movement	cross	they	Artifact
End-Position	I am most concerned if the fortunes of the prior employer took a sudden turn for the worse after the CEO left.	Personnel	left	the prior employer	Entity	the CEO	Person	the CEO	Position
Transfer-Ownership	Southeast of Baghdad, Marines seized one of Saddam's palaces and poked through remnants of a Republican Guard headquarters.	Transaction	seized	one of Saddam's palaces	Artifact	Baghdad	Place	Marines	Buyer
Transport	it also has a lander known as beagle two, named after charles car win which he sailed to the island and went into its bit of fame.	Movement	sailed	he	Artifact	the island	Destination	which	Vehicle
Attack	if you want an end to terrorism, if you want an end to violence, you have to give people hope and you have to give them a stake in the political process.	Conflict	terrorism
Transfer-Money	She also thanks the Rockefeller Brothers Fund "for helping to fund the project.	Transaction	fund	the Rockefeller Brothers Fund	Giver	She	Recipient
Attack	Seventy-two hours of that was under constant fire coming at us from both sides of the road.	Conflict	fire	the road	Place	us	Target	Seventy-two hours	Time-Holds
Attack	This guy was one of the early innovators of terrorism in this century and he is protrayed by the Main Stream Media (MSM for short) as a "freedom fighter.	Conflict	terrorism	this century	Time-Within
Elect	Chiluba was Zambia's first democratically elected president.	Personnel	elected	Chiluba	Person	Zambia	Entity	president	Position
Transport	The convoy was escorted by U.S. soldiers.	Movement	escorted	The convoy	Vehicle	U.S	Origin	U.S. soldiers	Agent
Transfer-Money	It seems a supposed straight shooting reporter with NBC was taking money to fund a book that is so pro-united nations that its almost sickening to read.	Transaction	taking money	a supposed straight shooting reporter with NBC	Recipient
Trial-Hearing	U.S. District Judge John S. Martin did not immediately rule but scheduled a hearing for next week.	Justice	hearing	U.S. District Judge John S. Martin	Adjudicator	next week	Time-Within
Sue	Anyway, I still think the Vioxx risk is overestimated -- if the tobacco industry can sell something with no health benefits for years, get sued, and 1) Keep the product on the shelves, 2) Remain in business, and 3) do 2) to the tune of several billion dollars per year in profits, we Merckers might be safe.	Justice	sued	the tobacco industry	Defendant	years	Time-Holds
Attack	That's going to have to be last war, unfair and unfortunate as that is.	Conflict	war
End-Position	I'm retired from full-time teaching.	Personnel	retired	I	Person
Charge-Indict	The cops are here because we're pressing charges.	Justice	charges	we	Prosecutor
Injure	``They will be burnt,'' said Information Minister Mohammed Saeed al-Sahhaf.	Life	burnt
Attack	earlier reports said he was shot in the back, as well as the stomach.	Conflict	shot	he	Target
Attack	In interviews last year, Giuliani said Nathan gave him ``tremendous emotional support'' through his treatment for prostate cancer and as he led the city during the aftermath of the Sept. 11 terrorist attack on the World Trade Center.	Conflict	attack	terrorist	Attacker	the city	Place	the World Trade Center	Target	last year	Time-Within	Sept. 11	Time-Within
Transfer-Ownership	Last Saturday night, rebels in the Central Africa Republic, captured the airport in the capital city of Bangui and the residence of  President Ange-Felix Patasse, who is out of the country.	Transaction	captured	the airport in the capital city of Bangui	Artifact	the residence of  President Ange-Felix Patasse, who is out of the country	Artifact	the Central Africa Republic	Place	Last Saturday night	Time-Within
Transport	reporter: the twin missions to hunt for signs of life are set for a journey of a quarter billion miles, carrying identical red planet rovers.	Movement	journey	identical red planet rovers	Artifact
Attack	Compare & Contrast GWB's Vision, Leadership, Excellent Management Talents, Endurance, Faith And Intelligence With LBJ's Lack Of Same In The Vietnam War.	Conflict	War	Vietnam	Place
Trial-Hearing	first, a big hearing tomorrow in the scott peterson case.	Justice	hearing	scott peterson	Defendant	tomorrow	Time-Within
Attack	North Korea and Washington have no formal relations and are still technically at war.	Conflict	war	North Korea	Attacker	Washington	Attacker
Transport	But I also should report that there is a sense of annoyance here at the White House, even among some of Mr. Chalabi's top supporters, that, since returning to Iraq in recent days, he has complained frequently, including on our air earlier today, that the United States is moving too slowly to get in the reconstruction efforts, to restore electricity and restore water.	Movement	returning	he	Artifact	Iraq	Destination	recent days	Time-Within
Attack	for a week now, protesters have been clashing with police and backers of the clerical regime in tehran.	Conflict	clashing	tehran	Place	protesters	Target	police	Target	backers of the clerical regime	Target	a week now	Time-Holds	protesters	Attacker	police	Attacker	backers of the clerical regime	Attacker
Arrest-Jail	coalition forces in baghdad have arrested the palestinian terrorist who led the hijacking of the italian cruise ship the achille lauro in 1985.	Justice	arrested	the palestinian terrorist who led the hijacking of the italian cruise ship the achille lauro in 1985	Person	baghdad	Place	coalition forces in baghdad	Agent	the hijacking of the italian cruise ship the achille lauro in 1985	Crime
Die	Foreign military analysts said it would be highly unusual for an accident to kill a whole submarine crew while still allowing the vessel to be recovered.	Life	kill	a whole submarine crew	Victim
Attack	Palestinian chief negotiator Saeb Erakat said international intervention was needed to break the cycle of violence.	Conflict	violence
Sentence	The court ruling stated that the verdict and sentence would be submitted to the National Press Council, a government-appointed body, for approval, Ngor said.	Justice	sentence	court	Adjudicator
Attack	This is something that Iraqi Vice President Ramadan had said would take place.	Conflict	This
Attack	You can have all the armor in the world on a tank and a tank can (still) be blown up," he said.	Conflict	blown up	a tank	Target
Be-Born	Saba hasn't delivered yet.	Life	delivered
Transport	As they get ready to head over hostile territory, 10 men aboard this Air Force HC-130 search and rescue and refueling plane start to feel their adrenaline rushing.	Movement	head over	this Air Force HC-130 search and rescue and refueling plane	Vehicle	10 men aboard this Air Force HC-130 search and rescue and refueling plane	Artifact	hostile territory	Destination
End-Position	Former Senator Chuck Robb hasn't been heard from lately.	Personnel	Former	Former Senator Chuck Robb	Person	Senator	Position
Attack	reports suggesting airport buildings have been attacked, but runways remain operational.	Conflict	attacked	airport buildings	Target
Attack	It will be attack the Iraqi regime.	Conflict	attack	the Iraqi regime	Target
Die	McGinty said that the submarine's batteries might have leaked acid that mixed with seawater, creating toxic chlorine gas that killed the crew.	Life	killed	the crew	Victim
Sue	jpmorgan, citigroup, and other advisers have already been sued by shareholders and they also face regulatory investigations.	Justice	sued	jpmorgan	Defendant	citigroup	Defendant	other advisers	Defendant	shareholders	Plaintiff
Elect	Romania voted in the last December, ousting the so-called socialist party PSD (Social-Democratic Party.	Personnel	voted	Romania	Entity	the so-called socialist party	Entity	last December	Time-Within
Attack	in two years time, this nation has experienced war, a recession and a national emergency.	Conflict	war
Injure	three young boys,ages 2, 5 and 10 survived and are in critical condition after spending in 18 hours in the cold.	Life	critical	three young boys,ages 2, 5 and 10	Victim
Transport	The Army's 173rd Airborne Brigade , including elite Army Rangers, jumped out of low-flying C-17 transport planes under cover of darkness Wednesday and secured a snow-dusted airfield, which will be used to bring in supplies and support personnel.	Movement	jumped	low-flying C-17 transport planes	Vehicle	The Army's 173rd Airborne Brigade	Artifact	elite Army Rangers	Artifact	a snow-dusted airfield, which will be used to bring in supplies and support personnel	Destination	Wednesday	Time-Within
End-Position	Eh uh I -- I heard uh that Colin Powell wanted um -- to resign last year and they talked him out of it.	Personnel	resign	Colin Powell	Person	last year	Time-Within
Die	It's not a death I would wish on my worst enemy.	Life	death
Attack	And secondarily, what about countries like France, Germany, and Russia, which opposed the Bush administration's war plans, do you want them shut out.	Conflict	war	the Bush administration	Attacker
Meet	In a renewed mediation attempt, Egyptian envoys have been holding meetings in Gaza and Damascus in recent days with leaders of the militant groups.	Contact	meetings	Gaza	Place	Damascus	Place	Egyptian envoys	Entity	leaders of the militant groups	Entity	recent days	Time-Within
Transport	The retired Greek officer said he had been trying to get Ocalan to The Netherlands, home to a large Kurdish community.	Movement	get	Ocalan	Artifact	The Netherlands	Destination	he	Agent
Elect	Sunni say the poll is now illegitimate because they chose not to vote.	Personnel	poll
Appeal	The Supreme Court rejected earlier appeals for a case review from five of the convicts.	Justice	appeals	The Supreme Court	Adjudicator	five of the convicts	Plaintiff
Arrest-Jail	can owe tell us exactly the details, the precise details of how you arrested the suspect.	Justice	arrested	the suspect	Person	you	Agent
Start-Position	Is that where he's headed.	Personnel	headed	he	Person	where	Entity
Arrest-Jail	The drunk was acquitted on the technicality that he wasn't on a public road when the cop arrested him.	Justice	arrested	him	Person	the cop	Agent
Marry	Hmm... I wonder how many success stories are out there from people who chose to have a civil ceremony, and went on later to be happily sealed.	Life	ceremony	people who chose to have a civil ceremony, and went on later to be happily sealed	Person
Attack	Giving cover for the deployment, U.S. warplanes struck Iraqi ground troops and bunkers in northern Iraq.	Conflict	struck	northern Iraq	Place	Iraqi ground troops	Target	bunkers in northern Iraq	Target	U.S. warplanes	Instrument
Elect	In 1996, he was elected to the Palestinian Legislative Council, in which he advocated peace with Israel, sometimes coming in conflict with Yasser Arafat.	Personnel	elected	he	Person	the Palestinian Legislative Council	Entity	1996	Time-Within
Attack	the evidence is accumulating that iraq may be planning to use chemical weapons.	Conflict	use	chemical weapons	Instrument
Marry	I know my first marriage had a lot of good adventures, a lot of friendship, a lot of love.	Life	marriage	my	Person
Attack	But it has nothing to do whether we should go to war with Iraq or not.	Conflict	war	we	Attacker	Iraq	Place
Transfer-Ownership	The FDA may decide as soon as this week whether drug stores can sell the emergency contraception known as Plan B without a prescription to women age 16 and older.	Transaction	sell	women age 16 and older	Buyer	drug stores	Seller
Phone-Write	He sent several letters to the police and the media during that time.	Contact	letters	He	Entity	the police	Entity	the media	Entity	that time	Time-Within
Attack	So, in regard to that, we are paying great attention to their ability to defend on the ground.	Conflict	defend	their	Target	we	Attacker
Injure	His last hope for survival might be that the United States loses its taste for such losses and forces President Bush to negotiate a compromise that would allow Hussein and his family to keep power in Baghdad.	Life	losses
Attack	For the first time in the war, large parts of Baghdad lost electricity.	Conflict	war	Baghdad	Place
Attack	Gravity rules, even in urban combat.	Conflict	combat
Attack	raped while in state care, pregnant.	Conflict	raped
Phone-Write	Her second-graders were very interested in sending some letters out to the troops.	Contact	letters	Her second-graders	Entity	the troops	Entity
Transport	Hopefully he can get to Minneapolis, get some rest and be ready to play the first game.	Movement	get	he	Artifact	Minneapolis	Destination
Start-Position	then when they're ready to breed they go to the wb.	Personnel	go	they	Person	the wb	Entity
Attack	Iraqi Trade Minister Mohammed Mehdi Saleh accused the United States and Britain of causing the hardships by launching the war and disrupting shipments of supplies under the oil-for-food program.	Conflict	war	the United States	Attacker	Britain	Attacker
Die	Did you at the time or have you since looked back and pondered on killing someone.	Life	killing	someone	Victim	you	Agent
Die	When I first -- heard the case,  or about it,  I -- told myself,  if he did do it.	Life	it	he	Agent
Meet	North Korea called off two working-level talks with South Korea last month.	Contact	talks	North Korea	Entity	South Korea	Entity	last month	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	9% in administrative costs would place the Red Cross among charity organizations making the the most efficient use of donated funds.	Transaction	donated	charity organizations making the the most efficient use of donated funds	Recipient
Attack	British officials say they believe Hassan was a blindfolded woman seen being shot in the head by a hooded militant on a video obtained but not aired by the Arab television station Al-Jazeera.	Conflict	shot	a hooded militant	Attacker	a blindfolded woman seen being shot in the head by a hooded militant on a video obtained but not aired by the Arab television station Al-Jazeera	Target
Demonstrate	In the meantime further north in California, San Francisco is the setting today for a rally aimed at boosting the moral of the American troops in the Persian Gulf region.	Conflict	rally	San Francisco	Place	today	Time-Within
Attack	We preview the potential battles ahead and the strategies in play when we check in with our military analyst.	Conflict	battles
Die	So now by killing the males they can hopefully narrow the gender gap.	Life	killing	they	Agent	the males	Victim
Elect	These elections lack legitimacy because a large segment of different sects, parties and currents with their influence in Iraq boycotted," the association said in a statement.	Personnel	elections
Charge-Indict	the fraternity also faces more than 150 charges for other hazing activities, as well.	Justice	charges	the fraternity	Defendant	other hazing activities	Crime
Attack	The Iraqi unit in possession of those guns fired mortars in the direction of the 7th Cavalry.	Conflict	fired	The Iraqi unit in possession of those guns	Attacker	the 7th Cavalry	Target	mortars	Instrument
Sentence	He then began serving the nine-year prison sentence for sodomy, his lawyers said.	Justice	sentence	He	Defendant	prison	Place	the nine-year prison sentence	Sentence	sodomy	Crime
Transport	Well, rescued American prisoner of war Jessica Lynch is expected to arrive at Ramstein air base in Germany just about an hour from now.	Movement	arrive	rescued American prisoner of war Jessica Lynch	Artifact	Ramstein air base in Germany	Destination	just about an hour from now	Time-At-End
Injure	She has fractured legs and her right forearm.	Life	fractured	She	Victim
Convict	A state security court suspended a newspaper critical of the government Saturday after convicting it of publishing religiously inflammatory material, the newspaper's lawyer said.	Justice	convicting	it	Defendant	publishing religiously inflammatory material	Crime	A state security court	Adjudicator	Saturday	Time-Within
Die	PLO leader PLO leader Yasser Arafat died in a Paris hospital last week, after a lot of controversy surrounding his illness and death.	Life	died	PLO leader Yasser Arafat	Victim	a Paris hospital	Place	Paris	Place	last week	Time-Within
Sentence	I think they want to give her 3 years.	Justice	give	they	Adjudicator	her	Defendant	3 years	Sentence
Trial-Hearing	earlier this month o'brien narrowly escaped prosecution over his handling of sexual abuse allegations against priests.	Justice	prosecution	o'brien	Defendant	his	Defendant	his handling of sexual abuse allegations against priests	Crime	this month	Time-Within
End-Position	John McCrary resigned from the board as a result.	Personnel	resigned	John McCrary	Person
Attack	The line of defense Kaine used was that Tugle had not really raped the grandmother because "forcable sodomy was not rape according to the law at the time.	Conflict	raped	Tugle	Attacker	the grandmother	Target
Attack	Nearly everybody in Indonesia sees this Iraq war as completely unnecessary and there is widespread public opposition to U.S. policies,'' said Jusuf Wanadi of the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Jakarta.	Conflict	war	Iraq	Place
Die	He received word of his son's death within hours after the submarine that he was assigned to returned home from an extended deployment.	Life	death	his son	Victim
Attack	Seven Americans we know remain prisoners of war in Iraq.	Conflict	war	Iraq	Place
Die	then police say the baby's mother pulled out a kitchen knife opinion on the 911 tape you can hear williams tape say "go ahead kill me.	Life	kill	a kitchen knife	Instrument	me	Victim	the baby's mother	Agent
Attack	there was an attack on a convoy of leadership that was identified through various intelligence means.	Conflict	attack	a convoy of leadership that was identified through various intelligence means	Target
Transfer-Money	The single largest political donor in the second half of 2004 was Sheila C. Johnson, of the Plains, who made five contributions totaling $320,490.	Transaction	contributions	Sheila C. Johnson, of the Plains, who made five contributions totaling $320,490	Giver	$320,490	Money	the Plains	Place	the second half of 2004	Time-Within
Phone-Write	That's sort of unusual in these calls, in my experience so far.	Contact	calls
Attack	Blair also pleaded the world to avoid "endless diplomatic wrangles" over the future of Iraq like the international dispute over a second UN resolution on Iraq that preceded the war.	Conflict	war
Elect	It's not their right to decide the legitimacy of the vote.	Personnel	vote
Transport	u.s. marines entered southeastern baghdad today and found dozens of chemical suits masks and atropine injecters.	Movement	entered	u.s. marines	Artifact	southeastern baghdad	Destination	today	Time-Within
Attack	Defense Secretary Rumsfeld and Vice President Cheney among those saying the toughest fighting might still lie ahead, still unanswered questions about the whereabouts of Saddam Hussein and other key members of the Iraqi leadership.	Conflict	fighting
Die	You wouldn't know anything about the slaughter of gays if you only listened to the BBC.	Life	slaughter	gays	Victim
Attack	If you know the Bible well you would know that there's always going to be a conflict there.	Conflict	conflict	there	Place
Attack	British troops control the outskirts of the town, and today destroyed another building they said housed Iraqi fighters.	Conflict	destroyed	British troops	Attacker	another building they said housed Iraqi fighters	Target	today	Time-Within
Attack	but when you have a sitting president who has an infatuation with provoking other countries into a war, you can bet that he will try everything he can to try to prove his case against iran.	Conflict	war	a sitting president who has an infatuation with provoking other countries into a war	Attacker	other countries	Attacker
Transport	i think if we're going to get this terror thing overwith, i think we need to clear the countries that house them.	Movement	clear	them	Artifact	we	Agent	the countries that house them	Origin
Die	he -- killed his wife when she was -- eight months pregnant and -- and dumped her in, uh -- the ocean, basically.	Life	killed	his wife	Victim	he	Agent
Transport	Fly back to Austin.	Movement	Fly	Austin	Destination
Transfer-Ownership	Apparently Yuganskneftegaz, which was sold to an independent buyer who turned out to be an apparatus of the state (yes, the same state that 1) forced Yukos to do the auction, and 2) ran the auction, not that 3) this is suspicious or anything), and which was then being bought with foreign assistance, is not being bought with foreign assistance.	Transaction	sold	Yuganskneftegaz, which was sold to an independent buyer who turned out to be an apparatus of the state	Artifact	the same state that 1) forced Yukos to do the auction, and 2) ran the auction	Place	an independent buyer who turned out to be an apparatus of the state	Buyer
Die	The ban expired in September and at the time of this posting, no one has been killed by any one of those weapons since the ban expired.	Life	killed	any one of those weapons	Instrument	no one	Victim	September	Time-Starting	the time of this posting	Time-Ending
Transport	There is much fear here of the Saddam loyalists who still hold sway in Basra and of the invading troops waiting at the gates.	Movement	invading	the invading troops waiting at the gates	Artifact	Basra	Destination
Transfer-Money	I would like to make a donation to help the survivors of the tsunami.	Transaction	donation	I	Giver	the survivors of the tsunami	Beneficiary
Attack	Yes, I'm not saying take the threat of force.	Conflict	force
Injure	Torturing this poor women for what.	Life	Torturing	this poor women	Victim
Charge-Indict	after stewart was charged by federal authorities wednesday, her lawyers issued a statement in which they said, quote, martha stewart has done nothing wrong.	Justice	charged	stewart	Defendant	federal authorities	Prosecutor	wednesday	Time-Within
Elect	I actually can't recall it ever taking 2 weeks to "count" these many ballots, generally elections are called within 24 hours.	Personnel	elections
Transfer-Money	the CEOS and execs of companies such as Fred Smith of FEDEX, Norman Waitt Of Gateway, Jeff Skoll of Ebay, Roger Marino of EMC, Marc Turtletaub of The Money Store, Marc Cuban/Todd Wagner, and others have all parked their money in film ventures and deals similar to ours.	Transaction	parked	the CEOS and execs of companies such as Fred Smith of FEDEX, Norman Waitt Of Gateway, Jeff Skoll of Ebay, Roger Marino of EMC, Marc Turtletaub of The Money Store, Marc Cuban/Todd Wagner, and others	Giver	the CEOS and execs of companies such as Fred Smith of FEDEX, Norman Waitt Of Gateway, Jeff Skoll of Ebay, Roger Marino of EMC, Marc Turtletaub of The Money Store, Marc Cuban/Todd Wagner, and others	Giver	Fred Smith of FEDEX	Giver	Norman Waitt Of Gateway	Giver	Jeff Skoll of Ebay	Giver	Roger Marino of EMC	Giver	Marc Turtletaub of The Money Store	Giver	Marc Cuban	Giver	others	Giver
Transport	i came home, she was in bed, i laid on the couch for a couple of hours, walked around, i thought, i'm going to sleep tonight, i really am.	Movement	came	i	Artifact	home	Destination
Transport	Military sources said the Israeli army had established roadblocks at the entrance to Beit Hanoun to prevent Palestinians militants from leaving the area.	Movement	leaving	Palestinians militants	Artifact	the area	Origin
Trial-Hearing	And the trial's there.	Justice	trial	there	Place
Die	the word from serbia, zoran djindjic, the prime minister, is dead.	Life	dead	zoran djindjic	Victim
Transport	troops from the u.s. army's 101st airborne division went to the site on friday, finding a number of large drums buried in bunkers.	Movement	went	troops from the u.s. army's 101st airborne division	Artifact	the site	Destination	friday	Time-Within
Transport	Leave early and drive to Niagara Falls, NY - 467 miles.	Movement	Leave	Niagara Falls, NY	Destination
Transport	they are happy to be finally able to come and back up the first wave of troops that left from here.	Movement	left	that	Artifact	here	Origin
Die	Well, I I guess now that that he's he's died -- it'll be, uh,  or it it should be a change for the ~PLO.	Life	died	he	Victim
Arrest-Jail	they handcuffed the man and they took him into custody.	Justice	custody	him	Person	they	Agent
Die	She would be the first foreign woman to die in the wave of kidnappings in Iraq.	Life	die	the first foreign woman to die in the wave of kidnappings in Iraq	Victim	Iraq	Place
Transport	U.S. officials said Chalabi was brought in because he offered forces to the coalition.	Movement	brought	Chalabi	Artifact
Meet	I wish I could have been at a Pub, or wherever these people convene, to see the reactions from all the Britons who read the Telegraph this morning (emphasis added): Britain's gun laws are aimed at the wrong target, curbing and criminalising legal ownership while failing to tackle huge rises in shooting offences over the past few years, according to an international firearms legislation expert.	Contact	convene	these people	Entity
Execute	they're asking the supreme court to block tonight's scheduled execution of delma banks.	Justice	execution	delma banks	Person	tonight	Time-Within
Attack	President Bush wants the Security Council to explicitly authorize force against Iraq, and his press secretary today remained optimistic that in the end, that's just what he'll get.	Conflict	force
Convict	I look forward to Vang's conviction and I pray for the families of the victims.	Justice	conviction	Vang	Defendant
Attack	Well, this is something that we've been trying to get a grip on for years, exactly what the Iraqi people feel and also that I think the best evidence that we had before the attack began was that Iraqis do, they despise.	Conflict	attack
Injure	Had an armed civilian been inside the mall, perhaps he could have intervened before the suspect began injuring people before he ran out of ammo.	Life	injuring	people	Victim	ammo	Instrument	the suspect	Agent	the mall	Place
Execute	he'd be the 11th killer put to death in texas this year.	Justice	put to death	he	Person	the 11th killer put to death in texas this year	Person	texas	Place	this year	Time-Within
End-Position	Powell, the most moderate member of the Bush cabinet, said he fully agreed with the president's policy on Iraq and had no plans to leave.	Personnel	leave	he	Person
Die	The Marines will find them, and when they do they shall die.	Life	die	they	Victim
Attack	In theory, motivation is best carried out by a commander fighting alongside his men.	Conflict	fighting	a commander fighting alongside his men	Attacker	his men	Attacker
Transport	But now, it's the Iraqi ambassador's time to leave, the United States.	Movement	leave	the Iraqi ambassador	Artifact	the United States	Origin
Attack	Most of the compound was severely damaged from prior U.S. raids.	Conflict	raids	U.S	Attacker	Most of the compound	Target
Meet	that was then, this is now, 20 years after meeting saddam hussein in baghdad, defense secretary donald rumsfeld is back in the iraqi capital with victorious u.s. troops.	Contact	meeting	baghdad	Place	saddam hussein	Entity	defense secretary donald rumsfeld	Entity	20 years after meeting saddam hussein in baghdad	Time-At-Beginning
Transfer-Ownership	The rebels have captured the country's main international airport, said a top official in a 300-strong African security force policing the city.	Transaction	captured	the country's main international airport	Artifact	The rebels	Beneficiary
End-Position	Doctors are leaving practice because of insurance premium, right.	Personnel	leaving	Doctors	Person	Doctors	Position
Divorce	Nathan divorced wallpaper salesman Bruce Nathan in 1992.	Life	divorced	Nathan	Person	wallpaper salesman Bruce Nathan	Person	1992	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	The Red Cross normally deducts 9% from all deductions for its administratice costs.	Transaction	deductions	The Red Cross	Recipient
Convict	Hopefully, you know, if he's guilty hopefully, you know, they find him guilty -- and hopefully they have evidence, you know.	Justice	find	him	Defendant	they	Adjudicator
Attack	The Japanese terrorist cult Aum Shinrikyo--which launched the infamous Sarin gas attack on the Tokyo subway system in 1995--was discovered to have experimented with the use of lasers as weapons.	Conflict	attack	which	Attacker	Tokyo	Place	Tokyo subway system	Target	gas	Instrument	1995	Time-Within
Sue	the companies settling a lawsuit.	Justice	lawsuit	the companies	Defendant	the companies	Plaintiff
End-Position	Well, those of you who still believe the myth of the liberal media should consider this: MSNBC, an obscure cable channel, has fired Phil Donahue, the host of its highest-rated show.	Personnel	fired	Phil Donahue	Person	the host of its highest-rated show	Position
Attack	In 1999, East Timor became free, but only after Indonesian forces laid waste to it as they withdrew after a pro-independence referendum.	Conflict	waste	Indonesian forces	Attacker	it	Place	1999	Time-Within
Attack	It's crazy that we're bombing Iraq.	Conflict	bombing	we	Attacker
Meet	He said in the AP interview he would love to return to teaching but for now he plans to remain at the United Nations. ``Things will be crystalized one day,'' he said.	Contact	interview	He	Entity	AP	Entity
Transfer-Ownership	His paper was on a political personality of the 19th century and Mischie bought the house where his paper's subject lived.	Transaction	bought	the house where his paper's subject lived	Artifact	Mischie	Buyer
Die	But I didn't know it was going to bother me as much as it did.	Life	it
Injure	at that point the baby's mother stabbed him right in the hand.	Life	stabbed	him	Victim	the baby's mother	Agent
Transport	And some 12,000 soldiers from the US Army's 4th Infantry Division, which was supposed to have gone into northern Iraq through Turkey, began flying out of Fort Hood, Texas, Thursday to the region, a military fort spokeswoman told AFP.	Movement	flying	some 12,000 soldiers from the US Army's 4th Infantry Division, which was supposed to have gone into northern Iraq through Turkey	Artifact	the region	Destination	Fort Hood, Texas	Origin	Thursday	Time-Within
Injure	There is simply no room for the kind of play that resulted in Ferguson's injury.	Life	injury	Ferguson	Victim
Demonstrate	In Los Angeles, the International Black Coalition for Peace and Justice is sponsoring a rally for peace today.	Conflict	rally	Los Angeles	Place	the International Black Coalition for Peace and Justice	Entity	today	Time-Within
Transport	the top story there today, the world health organization announced it is lifting its advisory against travel to toronto because of fear of sars.	Movement	travel	toronto	Destination
Fine	Failure to pay the fine would result in a two-month extension of the suspension.	Justice	fine
Attack	Though opinion polls have shown public support for the war rising in the United States, opposition to military intervention in Iraq has given rise to an impassioned campaign.	Conflict	war	Iraq	Place
Attack	I'm saying we don't need to use force right now.	Conflict	force	we	Attacker
Transport	A short time later, two police officers showed up and told me they had to take him back to the hospital.	Movement	take	him	Artifact	they	Agent	the hospital	Destination	A short time later	Time-Within
Sentence	Sam Waksal, founder of the US pharmaceutical company ImClone Systems was sentenced to 87 months in prison Tuesday for insider trading.	Justice	sentenced	insider trading	Crime	Sam Waksal	Defendant	87 months in prison	Sentence	Tuesday	Time-Within
Charge-Indict	The sister was also charged under section 62 of the Terrorism Act which covers aiding and abetting acts of terrorism overseas.	Justice	charged	The sister	Defendant	aiding and abetting acts of terrorism overseas	Crime
Transfer-Money	Senior Palestinian security officials tell TIME that Arafat also shipped money to the gunmen of the Aqsa Martyrs Brigades.	Transaction	shipped	Arafat	Giver	the gunmen of the Aqsa Martyrs Brigades	Recipient
Transport	a father in new york is accused of dropping his baby out of a seven- story apartment window, here's jordena ginsberg with more from affiliate news-12 westchester.	Movement	dropping	his baby	Artifact	a father in new york	Agent	seven- story apartment	Origin
Attack	Giant explosions erupted down the road.	Conflict	explosions
Release-Parole	we know of one detention center, well over 7,000 iraqis held there and almost a thousand have been released.	Justice	released	almost a thousand	Person	one detention center, well over 7,000 iraqis held there and almost a thousand have been released	Place
Trial-Hearing	martha stewart unfairly singled out for prosecution or is she getting what she deserved.	Justice	prosecution	martha stewart	Defendant
Marry	I chose to have a civil ceremony largely because my wife and I were both converts and a temple ceremony would have excluded both families completely.	Life	ceremony	I	Person	my wife	Person
End-Org	Delegate Chap Petersen bill is nothing more than salt and pepper electioneering in the 2005 statewide campaign -- and is probably tied into the Democratic outsourcing clamor and growing threat of more manufacturing plants closing, which John Kerry politically contrived and sensationalized for the 04 presidential run.	Business	closing	manufacturing plants	Org
Transport	Could be the most loyal fighters left as they draw into Baghdad.	Movement	draw	they	Artifact	Baghdad	Destination
Attack	first to chris burns with news on the president and the secretary of state who switched from diplomacy to talk of war.	Conflict	war	the secretary of state	Attacker
Attack	They poisoned opponents' clothing and stockpiled cholera, HIV and anthrax.	Conflict	poisoned	They	Attacker	opponents	Target
Demonstrate	Today, thousands of pro-life crusaders will participate in the March for Life in Washington D.C., to honor the defenseless children and hope for an eventual Supreme Court reversal.	Conflict	March	Washington D.C	Place	thousands of pro-life crusaders	Entity	Today	Time-Within
Transport	Cult members apparently obtained laser design information from Russian institutes they visited and built a laser weapon mounted on a truck.	Movement	visited	Cult members	Artifact	Russian	Destination
Die	20 people were killed in that state.	Life	killed	20 people	Victim	that state	Place
Attack	Yeah, I mean, and and here are these military guys giving their lives, and working hard every day through training and stuff even if there isn't a war.	Conflict	war
Injure	The hook in the ceiling is for one purpose only, another hook in a different cell and a different form of torture.	Life	torture
Declare-Bankruptcy	the world's largest airline needs the concessions to avoid a bankruptcy filing.	Business	bankruptcy	the world's largest airline	Org
Attack	The story the last few days has been the surprising level of resistance but you're telling me your sense is that the coalition forces are beginning to adjust to that.	Conflict	resistance	the coalition forces	Attacker
Attack	Many are hoping to reap benefits from Portuguese government support of the U.S.-led war to oust Saddam Hussein.	Conflict	war	U.S	Attacker
Attack	Now, it's a small part of this battle for the bridge just behind us.	Conflict	battle	the bridge just behind us	Place
Declare-Bankruptcy	perks that included a trust fund to protect some of the pensions in the event of a bankruptcy as well as retention bonuses.	Business	bankruptcy
Transport	Well, I have a nephew, he just got back from Iraq.	Movement	got back	he	Artifact	Iraq	Origin
Die	No such ceremonies were held for her five dead children.	Life	dead	her five dead children	Victim
Meet	The talks are the first high-level U.S.-North Korean contact since tensions over the North's nuclear program spiked six months ago over Washington's claim that the North said in October it was trying to develop nuclear weapons in violation of a 1994 pledge.	Contact	talks	U.S	Entity	North Korean	Entity	six months ago	Time-After
Arrest-Jail	and the arrest of the prime suspect, derrick lee tee lee.	Justice	arrest	the prime suspect	Person
Attack	I asked to speak to the two nurses whom he'd alledgedly hit and was told I couldn't do that.	Conflict	hit	whom	Attacker	he	Target
Phone-Write	Those letters important at both ends.	Contact	letters
Transfer-Ownership	Speculation has been rife that troubled Vivendi has been weighing a spinoff or sale of its US film, television and theme park operations as part of its restructuring.	Transaction	sale	its US film, television and theme park operations	Artifact	troubled Vivendi	Seller
Attack	Attack pilot John Davis is feeling sad he's missing seeing his children grow up.	Conflict	Attack
Elect	His warning comes as gun crime incidents are averaging about 29 a day in England and Wales, more than twice the level of when the Labour Government came to power in 1997.	Personnel	came to power	the Labour Government	Entity	1997	Time-At-Beginning
Fine	The Khartoum Monitor may not appear for two months and must pay a fine of 1 million Sudanese pounds (about US$400), lawyer Ngor Olang Ngor told The Associated Press.	Justice	fine	The Khartoum Monitor	Entity	1 million Sudanese pounds	Money
Attack	moments later, another shot and the sound of someone in pain.	Conflict	shot	someone in pain	Target
Attack	Now, the latest on the fight for control of Baghdad's International Airport.	Conflict	fight
Attack	That's CNN's Karl Penhaul with the very latest from the battlefront.	Conflict	battlefront
Attack	Paul, look, the problem is I would stipulate all four of us hates war.	Conflict	war
Transport	Start on Texas Ave. and head away from Bryan.	Movement	head	Texas Ave	Origin
End-Position	today, steve case officially out at aol time warner.	Personnel	out	steve case	Person	aol time warner	Entity	today	Time-Within
Attack	And, broad opposition to the U.S.-led attack on Iraq threatens to lead to a backlash by militant Islamists.	Conflict	attack	U.S	Attacker
Arrest-Jail	The way we caught that guy was by coordinating with our allies.	Justice	caught	that guy	Person	we	Agent
Injure	One piece of shrapnel sliced through the femoral artery of a U.S. soldier and his only chance for survival was in the hands of these two Iraqis.	Life	sliced	a U.S. soldier	Victim
Attack	The U.S. Army's 7th Cavalry has just taken three Iraqi prisoners of war.	Conflict	war
Meet	the little town i was in this southern iraq, as far as i got, i can't boast of further, is where the talks took place.	Contact	talks	the little town i was in this southern iraq	Place
Meet	For example, before, eh, during Clinton,  I believe at that time -- Clinton was trying hard -- to solve this problem and I believe at that time, if you remember,  um,  Yasser Arafat -- and, uh, the prime minister of Israel, his name was Barak,  they met together in the White House -- and -- they almost came to an agreement -- to solve this problem -- and during Clinton, eh,  period -- they had, uh, this ((Oslo)) a- eh, agreement.	Contact	met	the White House	Place	Yasser Arafat	Entity	the prime minister of Israel	Entity
Die	But look for the Kilgore team to paint him as a liberal for his record on tax hikes and the death penalty.	Life	death
Attack	israel and the united states say arafat has not been tough enough on terrorism, and have attempted to force him out of the current peace process.	Conflict	terrorism
Meet	that some of what the prime minister and president shared with reporters at news conference following their meetings.	Contact	meetings	the prime minister	Entity	president	Entity	their	Entity
Marry	My wife and I were guests at a wedding on the Carnival Legend on New Years Eve 2003.	Life	wedding	New Years Eve 2003	Time-Within
Meet	When I offered to attend the Board meeting in October 2003 to explain and clarify all this, I was told I was not welcome.	Contact	meeting	I	Entity	Board	Entity	October 2003	Time-Within
Elect	According to this person Kerry won decisively not only in Ohio and Florida but also in a number of other States and in the overall popular vote.	Personnel	won	Kerry	Person	Ohio	Place	Florida	Place	a number of other States	Place
Transfer-Money	Basically they are slush funds for local politicians, who too often sluice the federal money to their developer friends to build ugly downtown hotels.	Transaction	sluice	their developer friends	Beneficiary	who	Giver	their developer friends	Recipient
Phone-Write	You might want to mention that in your letter as well.	Contact	letter	your	Entity
Attack	so even at the very early stages of a defining moment of bush presidency, the president trying to make the case his eyes and especially the eyes of his cabinet still on the domestic affairs of the united states as the early prosecution of the war continues.	Conflict	war
Transport	Then you could take the train or bus back to Boston.	Movement	take	the train or bus	Vehicle	you	Artifact	Boston	Destination
Attack	troops are involved in heavy fighting with iraqi forces.	Conflict	fighting	troops	Attacker	iraqi forces	Attacker	iraqi	Place	troops	Target	iraqi forces	Target
Transport	CNN will have live coverage of her arrival.	Movement	arrival	her	Artifact
Release-Parole	serious' defense attorney who persuaded the judge reduce the sentence, told the post and i'm quoting, i'm very saddened. i.	Justice	sentence
Transport	ITN reporter James Mates was with the U.S. forces when they moved in to secure the airport.	Movement	moved in	ITN reporter James Mates	Artifact	the U.S. forces	Artifact	the airport	Destination
Transport	Anybody can come here Christmas day that wants to.	Movement	come	Anybody	Artifact	here	Destination	Christmas day	Time-Within
Phone-Write	Feel free to email me if you do want to post to the forum.	Contact	email	me	Entity	you	Entity
Convict	we are told he pled guilty to conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists and actually providing material support.	Justice	pled guilty	he	Defendant	conspiracy to provide material support to terrorists and actually providing material support	Crime
Transport	He was scheduled to fly on his own to Minneapolis late Saturday for Sunday's opening game of a first-round playoff series against the Minnesota Timberwolves.	Movement	fly	Minneapolis	Destination	He	Artifact	late Saturday	Time-Within
Charge-Indict	now willie williams the girl's father is qharthd attempted murder.	Justice	qharthd	willie williams	Defendant	attempted murder	Crime
Attack	He was probably running around being shot at for days on end in Falluja.	Conflict	shot	Falluja	Place	He	Target
Be-Born	cass apd ra gave birth to her first daughter.	Life	birth	her first daughter	Person
Trial-Hearing	People died, people in prison without court, without trial.	Justice	trial	people in prison without court, without trial	Defendant
Transport	One sidenote here is that, despite their rabid fandom and the situation, not one thing was thrown at the offending player as he left the field.	Movement	left	he	Artifact	the field	Origin
Transport	jessica lynch says she cannot wait to get home to west virginia.	Movement	get	she	Artifact	west virginia	Destination
End-Position	Workplace Culture Describe the organizational structure of your current or former workplace.	Personnel	former	your	Person	your current or former workplace	Entity	former	Time-Within
Transport	We also took one of the hop-on/hop-off bus tours (the "Original") on one of the other day, as we thought it was the easiest way to get around to the places that we wanted to re-visit.	Movement	get	bus	Vehicle	We	Artifact	the places that we wanted to re-visit	Destination	one of the other day	Time-Within
Start-Position	I started there, and we only had -- it was only like maybe thirty kids that that came to the -- to the uh community center.	Personnel	started	I	Person	there	Entity
Attack	What I worried about is that things are settled in the country ... so in the future the Iraqi people will live in peace without sanctions, without wars, without suffering.	Conflict	wars	the country	Place	in the future	Time-Within
Transport	Pentagon officials had hoped to have the Army's 4th Infantry Division invade Iraq from the north, but Turkey balked at allowing up to 62,000 U.S. troops on its soil to prepare for that option.	Movement	invade	up to 62,000 U.S. troops	Artifact	the Army's 4th Infantry Division	Agent	Iraq	Destination	Turkey	Origin
Sue	The litigation covers buyers in auctions outside the United States between January 1, 1993 and February 7, 2000, and sellers between September 1, 1995 and February 7, 2000.	Justice	litigation	buyers in auctions outside the United States between January 1, 1993 and February 7, 2000	Plaintiff	sellers between September 1, 1995 and February 7, 2000	Plaintiff
Attack	You see them having their sectors of fire.	Conflict	fire	their	Attacker
Attack	and these pictures show iraqis running for cover just before u.s. planes dropped a bomb near northern iraq.	Conflict	dropped	u.s	Attacker	northern iraq	Place	a bomb	Instrument
Attack	osbourne's spokeswomen says sharon was quote, "viciously assaulted and treated at a hospital.	Conflict	assaulted	sharon	Target
Attack	We call on all Arab states to act immediately to defend Iraq and counter the US war," he said.	Conflict	war	US	Attacker
Attack	Paul Tagliabue must give word to all of his employees that actions like this will not be tolerated.	Conflict	this
Attack	This was a vicious, arm cocked and swinging clothesline that literally could have torn Ferguson's head off of his body.	Conflict	This	Ferguson	Target
Attack	`We are expectingn or at least planning for, a very difficult fight ahead,'' Gen. Stanley McChrystal said at the Pentagon Tuesday.	Conflict	fight
Transfer-Ownership	a toy company bought the silver cross name so they could make toy versions.	Transaction	bought	silver cross	Artifact	a toy company	Buyer
Attack	There was a bit of a firefight when the 7th Cavalry came upon three Soviet vintage 20- millimeter anti-aircraft guns, ack-ack guns.	Conflict	firefight	the 7th Cavalry	Attacker	three Soviet vintage 20- millimeter anti-aircraft guns	Target
Attack	Less than 20 minutes later, with Iraqi defenses pounded by the bombing, they no longer held the bridge over the Khoser River.	Conflict	bombing	Iraqi defenses	Target
Attack	for a while, the world focused on the war in iraq.	Conflict	war	iraq	Place
Attack	After he told us that, we asked him during his missions, and he's flown about 30 in the last two weeks, we asked him does he still have any artillery being fired at him.	Conflict	fired	him	Target	any artillery	Instrument	the last two weeks	Time-Within
Execute	I mean I guess that's not how they decide who died, but it's because of the.	Justice	died	who	Person	they	Agent
End-Position	And this final story: retired Senator Strom Thurmond has never made a secret about his fondness for young, pretty women.	Personnel	retired	retired Senator Strom Thurmond	Person	Senator	Position
Attack	U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan said this week that the body has no interest in policing a postwar Iraq, although it could contribute to the political resuscitation of the country.	Conflict	postwar	the country	Place
Transport	Red Cross officials administered first aid on the scene, and the detainees were taken to a processing center for the government to begin expulsion proceedings.	Movement	taken	the detainees	Artifact	a processing center	Destination
Die	They killed a lot of our people in Chamchamal but I feel bad for them too.	Life	killed	a lot of our people in Chamchamal	Victim	They	Agent	Chamchamal	Place
Attack	The Foreign minister also indicated that North Korea will continue to develop long range missiles capable of obliterating any target within the borders of the United States.	Conflict	obliterating	North Korea	Attacker	the United States	Place	long range missiles capable of obliterating any target within the borders of the United States	Instrument
Attack	if you are going to fight on the ground, you have to encounter bridges somewhere along the way.	Conflict	fight	you	Attacker	the ground	Place
Attack	Reporters who ignore or distort facts are betraying their craft no matter what and no matter how much that may anger the people running a war.	Conflict	war
Attack	now the spotlight turns to the conflict in the middle east.	Conflict	conflict	the middle east	Place
Attack	But right now you're open-minded as far as Syria on whether they will crack down on terrorism, take some of the other steps that you want them to take.	Conflict	terrorism
Attack	But he never got comfortable in the media glare before and especially during the war.	Conflict	war
Attack	Blair faces an uphill battle to win Bush over to giving the UN oversight of a post-Saddam administration, as Washington officials are still angry at Germany, Russia, and especially France, over the failure to secure UN Security Council approval for military action.	Conflict	action	Washington	Attacker
Die	265 people died in the november 2001 crash of flight 587.	Life	died	265 people	Victim	november 2001	Time-Within
Attack	On the other hand, the region is pretty unstable, filled with people who already hate Americans and seek to do America harm.	Conflict	harm	people who already hate Americans and seek to do America harm	Attacker
Meet	that happens next hour in a summit focusing on an israeli-palestinian peace initiative.	Contact	summit
Attack	The essence of the American case for war against Saddam Hussein.	Conflict	war	American	Attacker	Saddam Hussein	Target
Attack	Delivery drivers were threatened.	Conflict	threatened	Delivery drivers	Target
Transfer-Ownership	My plan is to pay off my car early, and then work on the other debts.	Transaction	pay	my car	Artifact	My	Buyer
Transfer-Ownership	But the are no more Iraqis here, the coalition took over this base last week.	Transaction	took over	this base	Artifact	the coalition	Buyer	last week	Time-Within
Arrest-Jail	a man with a pistol was arrested outside of the courthouse and police say he admits planning the bombs.	Justice	arrested	a man with a pistol	Person	the courthouse	Place	police	Agent
Convict	The seven include former state radio director Tran Mai Hanh and former vice national chief prosecutor Pham Sy Chien, both convicted of receiving bribes, the court official said on condition of anonymity.	Justice	convicted	former state radio director Tran Mai Hanh	Defendant	former vice national chief prosecutor Pham Sy Chien	Defendant	receiving bribes	Crime
End-Position	Well, John, given all that you've said, we know that there's an American retired general waiting in Kuwait.	Personnel	retired	an American retired general	Person	American	Entity	general	Position
Die	I don't think we have to kill to prove that.	Life	kill	we	Agent
Transfer-Ownership	Well, um, where they were going to, uh, give them, like, ninety-six percent of the Ga- of- of Gaza and he said that he wanted all hundred percent.	Transaction	give	them	Beneficiary	they	Seller
Attack	Do you support the -- do you- do you support the war.	Conflict	war
Meet	i just brought her little brother william in. and as william and she saw each other, it was such a wonderful reunion for them to just hug, and they -- he would hug her and look at her and hug her and look at her. and couldn't believe, i think, as a 4-year-old now that his sister is home.	Contact	reunion
Trial-Hearing	The hearing was scheduled for April 10.	Justice	hearing	April 10	Time-Within
Phone-Write	And the first to call is the mother.	Contact	call	the mother	Entity
Die	Holding a framed picture of her son, serving with the Army's 3rd Infantry Division in Iraq, she said she didn't know whether he was dead or alive.	Life	dead	her son	Victim	Iraq	Place
Die	the country reported now 160 new cases and nine more deaths.	Life	deaths
Transport	Why're you, why're you at um -- um -- I'm going to come over here tonight.	Movement	come	here	Destination	I	Artifact	tonight	Time-Within
Be-Born	they know little about their little girl, found by the side of the road days after she was born.	Life	born	she	Person
Attack	a cruise ship is being searched off the hawaii coast after two notes threatening terrorist attack were found on board.	Conflict	attack	terrorist	Attacker	a cruise ship	Target
Charge-Indict	just one day after being charged with a felony.	Justice	charged	a felony	Crime
Elect	If the Sunni's were prevented, or restricted or otherwise not allowed to vote, then they could claim illegitimacy, but since the simply just collectively decided not to vote, then they declared the vote legitimate of their own volition whilest simultaneously ceding power to all non-Sunnis.	Personnel	vote
Attack	that's what we're doing as we come through here and completely search theses have else to make sure there's no one lurking on there with weapons or rpgs or some other pad to take down helos that are flying by or any other ships that are coming in through here.	Conflict	take down	no one lurking on there with weapons or rpgs or some other pad to take down helos that are flying by or any other ships that are coming in through here	Attacker	weapons	Instrument	rpgs	Instrument
Meet	Word comes from the grand Ayatollah Sistani that he's willing to meet the American commander, but he asks first for soldiers to secure his compound, located halfway down the road to the mosque.	Contact	meet	he	Entity	the American commander	Entity
Transfer-Ownership	everyone thinks they can always sell to someone dumber.	Transaction	sell	everyone	Seller	someone dumber	Buyer
Elect	Future Elections.	Personnel	Elections
Attack	But there may first be fighting in the capital, 250 miles to the north.	Conflict	fighting	the capital, 250 miles to the north	Place
Attack	And, um,  I think he s- m- was meeting women in the jail like that, too, when he was there, but he just got out of doing fifteen years and,  you know, he was just, eh, Central Park, he had, uh,  well, rough sex or something, with a woman in the park and they said he strangled her, or.	Conflict	strangled	he	Attacker	the park	Place	her	Target
Divorce	During the legal proceedings leading up to the divorce, a judge ruled that Nathan could not visit Gracie Mansion, the official mayoral residence, as long as Giuliani's children lived there.	Life	divorce
Elect	A few people will turn out and elect somebody.	Personnel	elect	somebody	Person	A few people	Entity
Conflict	The Afula explosion  _	the 95th in 32 months of fighting  _  went off at 5:14 p.m. (1414 gmt) at the entrance to the mall, reportedly as shoppers were waiting in line for a security check.	Attack	explosion	Afula	Place	the mall	Place	5:14 p.m. (1414 gmt
Transport	The rovers' landing sites, on opposite sides of the planet, were chosen for their likelihood of holding evidence of water.	Movement	landing	The rovers	Vehicle	opposite sides of the planet	Destination
Marry	he got married.	Life	married	he	Person
Attack	These provinces have a lot of Hmong people, and have been known to be the fiercest opposition to Chinese rule (aka Remember the Miao Rebellions.	Conflict	Miao Rebellions
Die	because they're -- I've never totally -- believed -- that Peterson did this all by himself.	Life	this	Peterson	Agent
End-Position	And the reason was was that, ah, I'm retired Air Force -- and before, ah, because I was in the military -- ah, didn't didn't really think that my vote, um, counted one way or the other, that's that was my thinking.	Personnel	retired	I	Person	Air Force	Entity
Transport	In December, a shipment of North Korean missiles bound for Yemen was briefly stopped in the Arabian Sea.	Movement	bound for	Yemen	Destination	December	Time-Within
Transport	when i visited your country in 1994, i recall saying to president yeltsin that he and i spent most of our lives believing such a visit would never happen.	Movement	visited	i	Artifact	your country	Destination	1994	Time-Within
Sue	Right now in South Florida, in South Florida, the latest poll shows that every neurosurgeon has been sued.	Justice	sued	every neurosurgeon	Defendant	South Florida	Place
End-Position	North Korea said it was developing its nuclear weapons as ``a response to what they saw happened in Iraq, with the U.S. removing Saddam Hussein from power,'' Weldon said.	Personnel	removing	Saddam Hussein	Person	Iraq	Place
Attack	Bush should torture the al Qaeda chief operations officer.	Conflict	torture	the al Qaeda chief operations officer	Attacker	Bush	Target
Phone-Write	intelligence sources say the correspondence came from the border between pakistan and afghanistan, where osama bin laden is believed to be hiding.	Contact	correspondence	the border between pakistan and afghanistan, where osama bin laden is believed to be hiding	Place
Start-Position	I started there in like -- uh I'd say about -- what was that, I think it was -- two thousand two.	Personnel	started	there	Entity	two thousand two	Time-Within	I	Person
Transport	your journey, particularly to southern iraq, what is evoked there a sense of both that you evoke is a sense of history of this regime.	Movement	journey	your	Artifact	southern iraq	Destination
Phone-Write	We started work on our letters the last week of February and worked on them the first week of March and sent them out a few weeks ago.	Contact	letters	our	Entity	a few weeks ago	Time-Within
Transport	He was in the army and he's going to probably be going to Afghanistan he told me.	Movement	going	he	Artifact	Afghanistan	Destination
End-Org	He said, quote, "The dagger is clearly pointed at the heart of the regime now, and it will remain pointed at it," he said, "until the regime is gone.	Business	gone	the regime	Org
Die	hamas will not drop our weapons, even if all leaders are assassinated.	Life	assassinated	all leaders	Victim
Transport	you'd have to launch is from in space already, which means we would have to build it in space.	Movement	launch	is	Artifact	you	Agent	space	Origin
Transport	I went to a place ca-- I want to say it was called Stump Town.	Movement	went	I	Artifact	a place	Destination
Transport	medical officers say they became a team while in captivity and want to stay together as a team until it's time to go to their separate homes.	Movement	go	they	Artifact	their separate homes	Destination
Phone-Write	and you see apache helicopter pilot and his wife michelle who was talking with us on the telephone the sunday morning when the video came in of the rescue of the p.o.w.s and she was able to tell us on the telephone as we had those pictures up on air, she identified her husband and life just got better and better for her after that.	Contact	talking	who	Entity	us	Entity	the sunday morning	Time-Within
Attack	The aim of grand strategy is a prosperous and secure peace, and by his several blunders over the psychology of his opponents, the political and economic effects of his actions, and the failure to erradicate terrorism and even capture he most wanted terrorist, George W. Bush, he has failed to realize the aim of grand strategy.	Conflict	terrorism
Charge-Indict	bernie evers is living his life and unindicted.	Justice	unindicted	bernie evers	Defendant
Attack	It's not clear how long the bodies had lain here, but they were clearly not from this war.	Conflict	war
Meet	young's mother says, when she sees her son, she plans on hugging him for a good solid half hour.	Contact	sees	she	Entity	her son	Entity
End-Position	iraq's former information minister might need a job right now.	Personnel	former	iraq's former information minister	Person	iraq	Entity	information minister	Position
Elect	If anyone has a right to call the elections "illegitimate" it would be the shi'ites.	Personnel	elections
Attack	You don't have to like our president or those operating this war, but get off the backs of the 18, 19 and 20 year-olds thrown into a situation you will never see or have to encounter.	Conflict	war
Phone-Write	you can e-mail us at am@cnn.com.	Contact	e-mail	you	Entity	us	Entity
Transport	By the time he got to our home, he was very short of breath and there was a nurse and orderly who told me "he's crazy and just walked out.	Movement	got	he	Artifact	our home	Destination
Charge-Indict	2 "FTA"s (failure to appear), one in FL and one in AZ, plus whatever the original charges were in both cases.	Justice	charges	FL	Place	AZ	Place	FTA"s (failure to appear	Crime
Attack	shortly after several shots are heard an israeli bulldozer can be seen uncovering the israelis say, a tunnel used to smuggle weapons.	Conflict	shots
Attack	And we have the capability to send pictures or actual video, and then they can make (UNINTELLIGIBLE) if they want to maybe avoid that area or go ahead and go out and engage those folks.	Conflict	engage	they	Attacker	those folks	Target
Phone-Write	then the baby's mother made a frantic call to police.	Contact	call	police	Entity	the baby's mother	Entity
Attack	It is an elementary fact of life during wartime: A press pass provides no protection.	Conflict	wartime
Elect	I said, that guy could be President.	Personnel	be	that guy	Person
Transfer-Money	It's about $5.4 billion is the pay-out.	Transaction	pay-out	$5.4 billion	Money
Transport	also one friend he was afraid was going to leave the country and spill the beans on him.	Movement	leave	one friend he was afraid was going to leave the country and spill the beans on him	Artifact	the country	Origin
Sue	Doing the right thing provides no protection from class action.	Justice	action
Attack	would you support the use of military force to block iran from developing nuclear weapons.	Conflict	force
Transport	we came across a checkpoint and there were about maybe five, six iraqi locals with ak-47 machine guns and checking cars.	Movement	came across	a checkpoint	Destination	we	Artifact
Attack	The war "shows the impotence of all Arab states.	Conflict	war
Marry	It was annulled by the Catholic Church because the couple had not obtained a church dispensation required when second cousins marry.	Life	marry	second cousins	Person
Attack	there were small pockets of resistance in the area, two, three man groups who had ak-47s and possible rpgs and what not and our job was to just observe forward and make sure no one was waiting to ambush the avs or the tanks and i was on a metal roof and i stepped.	Conflict	ambush	two, three man groups who had ak-47s and possible rpgs and what not	Attacker	the area	Place	the avs	Target	the tanks	Target	ak-47s	Instrument	possible rpgs	Instrument	what not	Instrument
Arrest-Jail	one is the capture of number 24 as it's described, samir who is responsible for the baghdad district, indications are the kurds in the north handed this man over so this is number 4 out of that playing card deck of 55 that the u.s. is after.	Justice	capture	number 24	Person	the kurds in the north	Agent
Die	police say a bomber blew herself up outside a northern israel shopping center when she was stopped by a security guard.	Life	blew	herself	Victim	a bomber	Agent	a northern israel shopping center	Place
Die	this man, abu abbas has lived an i tin rant life, he's been in tunas. he's been in libya and he's been living under the protection of saddam hussein in baghdad, but he is wanted for murder in italy italy.	Life	murder	he	Agent	italy	Place
Conflict	The World Food Program, a U.N. agency, said it would make its biggest single request for cash in its history	_  more than US$1 billion to help feed the war-stricken nation for about six months.	Attack	war	the war-stricken nation
Sentence	sam waksal was sentenced to seven years and three months in federal prison.	Justice	sentenced	sam waksal	Defendant	seven years and three months in federal prison	Sentence
Transfer-Money	Its U.N. reporter has been on the payroll of the U.N. lobby.	Transaction	payroll	the U.N. lobby	Giver	Its U.N. reporter	Recipient
Injure	Well, let's look at what the president is actually proposing for people who have been harmed by a bad doctor.	Life	harmed	a bad doctor	Agent	people who have been harmed by a bad doctor	Victim
Start-Org	Also on Sunday, South Korean lawmakers said they would work to quickly set up a special parliamentary committee to deal with the North's nuclear issue.	Business	set up	a special parliamentary committee	Org	South Korean lawmakers	Agent
Attack	This is one of the difficult decisions the council will face in the weeks ahead on divisive issues stemming from the war against Iraq.	Conflict	war
Sentence	Once they sentence him ((I bet.	Justice	sentence	they	Adjudicator	him	Defendant
Declare-Bankruptcy	what's go on is that union members became outraged after learning about the airline's executive compensation plan where woi would have paid huge bonuses even in bankruptcy.	Business	bankruptcy	the airline	Org
Charge-Indict	defense attorneys argue that an individual cannot be charged under federal law and then state law for the same act.	Justice	charged	an individual	Defendant
Attack	This land fell into Iraqi-Kurdish hands without a shot being fired.	Conflict	shot
Elect	Yeah, I guess the elections, ah -- basically, who did you vote for, and the vice presidential candidates, and why, and I'll be honest with you.	Personnel	elections	the vice presidential candidates	Person
Attack	these are the latest developments in the war on iraq.	Conflict	war	iraq	Place
Transport	But, uh, at at least for the ceremony in Egypt I think, uh,  I can understand that no one would want to go into -- Palestinian territory.	Movement	go	no one	Artifact	Palestinian territory	Destination
Attack	Later, the pope practices religion and a little anti-war politics on the side.	Conflict	war
Attack	Pentagon officials have said for weeks they would have U.S. forces in northern Iraq to open another front against Saddam's forces.	Conflict	front	U.S. forces in northern Iraq	Attacker	northern Iraq	Place	Saddam's forces	Target
End-Position	If they don't have the pencil that's keeping score, they ought to keep their mouth shut because as a former federal prosecutor, every drug dealer I busted was the most important drug dealer in the world.	Personnel	former	a former federal prosecutor	Person	federal prosecutor	Position	former	Time-Within
Attack	tonight, a series of large explosions rocking central baghdad, as we've been reporting to you over the course of this hour.	Conflict	explosions	central baghdad	Place	tonight	Time-Within
Be-Born	O'Neal had said he could not rule out missing a game to witness the birth.	Life	birth
Transport	Three days after U.S. President George W. Bush promised ``massive amounts'' of humanitarian aid, seven large, battered tractor-trailers arrived in Umm Qasr carrying food and water donated by Kuwaitis.	Movement	arrived	seven large, battered tractor-trailers	Vehicle	Umm Qasr	Destination
Attack	The war in Iraq could last months and require considerable US military reinforcements to assure a victory, the Washington Post reported Thursday, quoting senior US military officials.	Conflict	war	US	Attacker	Iraq	Place
Transport	palestinian sources say he had tried to flee into syria, but was turned away at the border.	Movement	flee	he	Artifact	syria	Destination
Attack	Clearly, as we threaten the core of the regime, which Baghdad and Tikrit represent, we believe that the likelihood of them using those weapons goes up.	Conflict	using	those weapons	Instrument	them	Attacker
Die	Duke, what's it like to kill somebody.	Life	kill	somebody	Victim
Start-Position	she was recruited actively by the fbi because of what she could do and because of what she knew.	Personnel	recruited	she	Person	the fbi	Entity
Attack	I'm not crazy about it myself.	Conflict	it
Attack	They're not coming forward and telling us what the risks are, what the costs are, how many years we might be in, the possibility of us getting bogged down, because what Americans know that, they're opposed to this war.	Conflict	war	we	Attacker
Trial-Hearing	the actual trial will be getting under way this fall.	Justice	trial	this fall	Time-Starting
Elect	maybe they're jossling for who's going to be the next speaker.	Personnel	next	the next speaker	Person	speaker	Position
Marry	I saw somewhere on their site there is a lot of prep time needed to get married onboard.	Life	married
Die	Journalists killed in the line of duty in Baghdad.	Life	killed	Journalists killed in the line of duty in Baghdad	Victim	Baghdad	Place
Demonstrate	Protesters also gathered in their thousands in Halifax, Calgary, Edmonton and Vancouver.	Conflict	gathered	Halifax	Place	Calgary	Place	Edmonton	Place	Vancouver	Place	Protesters	Entity
Divorce	My parents are also divorced, so it was always difficult because we had to, like, split Christmas.	Life	divorced	My parents	Person
Phone-Write	The BTK killer once called up a police dispatcher and told her of the crime he just committed, and still they could not catch him.	Contact	called	The BTK killer	Entity	a police dispatcher	Entity	once	Time-Holds
Phone-Write	U.S. Attorney Todd Graves said Montgomery contacted Stinnett through an online message board, and authorities zeroed in on her using computer forensics.	Contact	contacted	Montgomery	Entity	Stinnett	Entity
Arrest-Jail	no sign of geragos or peterson in court yesterday when a judge was considering whether to unseal warrants obtained before scott peterson's arrest.	Justice	arrest	scott peterson	Person
Transport	they say they're looking forward to going home, which relatives of one former p.o.w. say could happen as soon as tomorrow.	Movement	going	they	Artifact	home	Destination
Meet	During the talks in Beijing, U.S. officials said North Korea claimed it already possesses nuclear weapons, and that it had reprocessed 8,000 spent nuclear fuel rods  _  a move that could yield several atomic bombs within months.	Contact	talks	Beijing	Place	U.S. officials	Entity
Attack	Soldiers were Kurdish, but the special forces calling in air strikes on Iraqi positions were American.	Conflict	strikes	the special forces calling in air strikes on Iraqi positions	Attacker
Transport	The first sizable relief convoy arrived in Iraq during a sandstorm Wednesday as allied forces struggled to clear the way for more aid shipments, using dolphins to remove mines from waterways and hunting Iraqi fighters around the port of Umm Qasr.	Movement	arrived	The first sizable relief convoy	Vehicle	Iraq	Destination	the port of Umm Qasr	Destination	allied forces	Agent	Wednesday	Time-Within
Transport	once doctors there say they are good to go, the seven will head stateside.	Movement	head	the seven	Artifact	stateside	Destination
Attack	I think -- I think Rudy Giuliani was a great mayor -- for nine eleven.	Conflict	nine eleven	nine eleven	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	If the budget goes through as is, why don't Mr. Begala and Mr. Carville just donate the extra tax money they don't want.	Transaction	donate	Mr. Begala	Giver	Mr. Carville	Giver
Transport	What's happen is the military personnel who have arrived here have taken out their markers and are writing messages on Saddam Hussein's portrait.	Movement	arrived	here	Destination	who	Artifact
Merge-Org	he believed in the merger like most other people did.	Business	merger
Attack	We are now between the lines, a no man's land of abandoned Iraqi bunkers and an unnerving silence, broken by the roar of warplanes and the distant surge of air strikes.	Conflict	strikes	warplanes	Instrument
Attack	Aldouri also drew support from opponents of the war a gift of paper cranes.	Conflict	war
Attack	artillery behind them firing back.	Conflict	firing	them	Target	artillery	Instrument
Transfer-Money	He maintains his political independence as well as any pundit and this donation affirms that the words he's always used to describe his commitment to UVA are genuine.	Transaction	donation	He	Giver
Attack	Some Republican Guard troops fought fiercely on the northern side of the airport complex.	Conflict	fought	Some Republican Guard troops	Attacker	the northern side of the airport complex	Place
Meet	If they are interested in setting up a meeting then have them contact me at 979-777-6445 or at laurouse...@yahoo.com and I will send the info to Tori, or have them contact Tori Foster to set up a time.	Contact	meeting
Start-Org	The National Carousel Association was founded in the early 1970's by a group of art historians and collectors, including Frederick Fried, author of the 1964 book "A Pictorial History of The Carousel" that single-handedly gave the classic hand-carved wooden carousel the respect and appreciation it deserved.	Business	founded	The National Carousel Association	Org	a group of art historians and collectors, including Frederick Fried, author of the 1964 book "A Pictorial History of The Carousel" that single-handedly gave the classic hand-carved wooden carousel the respect and appreciation it deserved	Agent	the early 1970's	Time-Within
End-Org	Australia will keep open its embassy in Saudi Arabia despite decisions by the United States, Britain and Germany to close their diplomatic outposts in the country amid growing terror fears.	Business	open	its embassy in Saudi Arabia	Place	Saudi Arabia	Place
End-Position	Here's what the "Dallas Morning News" reported recently: "The Texas State Board of Medical Examiners, the agency that pledges to protect the public has granted second and third chances to surgeons who are thrown out of hospitals because they botched operations.	Personnel	thrown out	who	Person	the agency that pledges to protect the public	Entity	surgeons	Position
Arrest-Jail	Police also arrested two Moroccan men suspected of trafficking in human beings and navigating the Zodiac boat across from Africa, Efe said.	Justice	arrested	two Moroccan men suspected of trafficking in human beings and navigating the Zodiac boat across from Africa	Person	Police	Agent
Attack	i was the only one during this conflict who had pictures of republican guards and it's true luck because i was driving northwest of baghdad and i bumped into these guys going around the capital.	Conflict	conflict
Start-Position	In a statement, Diller -- who took on the "provisional" role at the top of Vivendi's US entertainment operations in December -- said his USA Interactive group will nonetheless remain a shareholder of Vivendi Universal Entertainment.	Personnel	took on	Diller -- who took on the "provisional" role at the top of Vivendi's US entertainment operations in December	Person	the "provisional" role	Position	December	Time-Within	Vivendi's US entertainment operations	Entity
Attack	while u.s. forces still haven't found any weapons of mass destruction, the new cia pentagon report says officials are now confident the mysterious trucks filled with high-tech equipment found in iraq are indeed mobile biological weapons production facilities, just as secretary of state powell predicted and presented the united nations before the war.	Conflict	war	u.s. forces	Attacker	iraq	Place
Attack	The Security Council's ``handling of the nuclear issue on the Korean Peninsula itself is precisely a prelude to war,'' the spokesman said.	Conflict	war
Attack	Diplomatic wrangling has centred around the French and Russian refusal to put their names to any resolution allowing the United States to unleash its military might against Iraq before weapons inspections have run their course.	Conflict	unleash	the United States	Attacker	Iraq	Place
Meet	Rashid Ahmed made the remarks when his attention was drawn to the recent visit by Afghan President Hamid Karzai, according to the Associated Press of Pakistan.	Contact	visit	Afghan President Hamid Karzai	Entity	recent	Time-Within
Transfer-Ownership	this is one technique, one possible way u.s. forces might seize a bridge, a bridge that might be defended by iraqis.	Transaction	seize	a bridge	Artifact	iraqis	Seller	u.s. forces	Buyer
End-Position	she resigned as chairman and ceo of martha stewart living, omnimedia, the company that bears her name.	Personnel	resigned	chairman and ceo of martha stewart living, omnimedia, the company that bears her name	Position	she	Person
Die	Oh, forget about kicked out or overthrown, he would've been killed.	Life	killed	he	Victim
Transfer-Money	Of course, it was discovered that his men's basketball coach had directly given six grand to a Yugoslavian recruit, but that was just his stipend for travel and coach Jim O'Brien was just having a problem with the currency exchange rates...right Andy.	Transaction	given	his men's basketball coach	Giver	six grand	Money	a Yugoslavian recruit	Recipient
Attack	baghdad has had sporadic episodes of this tonight.	Conflict	this	baghdad	Place
Attack	witnesses say iraqi troops are dug in trying to fend off coalition troops making their way into the capital's main airport.	Conflict	fend off	iraqi troops	Attacker	the capital	Place	coalition troops	Target
Die	Yet again I notice that the media see gays as 'invisible' when it comes to Holocaust Day.	Life	Holocaust
Transport	You might want to drop off the car somewhere near Red Bank, or as soon as you arrive in New York, if the drop off charges aren't too much..	Movement	arrive	you	Artifact	New York	Destination
Transport	U.N. inspectors went back to Iraq for the first time in four years in late November and discovered no weapons of mass destruction during 3{ months of searching.	Movement	went back	U.N. inspectors	Artifact	Iraq	Destination	3{ months	Time-Holds	four years	Time-At-End	late November	Time-Within
Attack	This isn't a football game, and it's not two drunken cousins fighting at a family reunion.	Conflict	fighting	two drunken cousins fighting at a family reunion	Attacker	two drunken cousins fighting at a family reunion	Target
Die	We are talking about someone's life or death so we have to be very careful," Azhar said.	Life	death	someone	Victim
Meet	they talked about a lot of things, about what peace in the middle east could look like, what post-war iraq could look like.	Contact	talked	they	Entity
Execute	lawyers in texas are trying to keep their client from becoming the 300th person executed in the state since 1982, when texas resumed capital punishment.	Justice	executed	the 300th person executed in the state since 1982, when texas resumed capital punishment	Person	the state	Place	texas	Agent	1982	Time-After
Die	here in the united states, however, there have been no deaths among the 41 probable cases of sars.	Life	deaths
Attack	But I think President Bush should get credit for pushing to instructions and backing them up with the threat of force.	Conflict	force
Phone-Write	I think what he wrote me about was the fact that the inter-agency process, where we have all these FBI and Department of Justice and CIA and DIA, and what have you, involved in interrogating these detainees, it takes time to find out what intelligence they have.	Contact	wrote	he	Entity	me	Entity
Start-Position	He's going to go into the, uh- He's going to be a pastor and a counselor.	Personnel	be	He	Person	a pastor	Position	a counselor	Position
Start-Position	Indonesia relied on Soviet military assistance in the 1950s under Megawati's father and founding President Sukarno, but these were severed after the anti-communist Gen. Suharto seized power in 1965.	Personnel	seized	the anti-communist Gen. Suharto	Person	Indonesia	Place	1965	Time-Within
Meet	Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Liu Jianchao refused to provide details, but said the talks were ``conducive to mutual understanding and finding ways to resolve the North Korean nuclear question peacefully.	Contact	talks
Attack	Monday's incursion by U.S. armor was the second, but appeared to be much heavier.	Conflict	incursion	U.S	Attacker	U.S. armor	Instrument	Monday	Time-Within
Be-Born	The blood red nation of China is trying to curb the effects of a devastating 20-year-old policy that outlawed women from having more than one child.	Life	having	more than one child	Person	The blood red nation of China	Place	20-year-old	Time-Holds
Transfer-Money	He could have sex with an endangered Bald Eagle, and they'd STILL have to pay him.	Transaction	pay	they	Giver	him	Recipient
Transport	Armed coalition soldiers moving toward a venerated mosque at the behest of a Muslim cleric.	Movement	moving	Armed coalition soldiers	Artifact	a Muslim cleric	Agent	a venerated mosque	Destination
Transport	Thunderstorms delayed the launch by two days, and launch officials contended with a last-minute communications glitch between stations that will track the spacecraft.	Movement	launch	the spacecraft	Vehicle	launch officials	Agent
Transport	This nightscope video shows troops carrying the 19-year-old Army private to a Blackhawk helicopter.	Movement	carrying	a Blackhawk helicopter	Vehicle	the 19-year-old Army private	Artifact	troops	Agent
Meet	He will be involved in the planning and in those meetings.	Contact	meetings	He	Entity
Nominate	So any thoughts on who you uh you would name.	Personnel	name	who	Person	you	Agent
Transport	Chaos as the crowd apparently believes the soldiers want to approach the shrine.	Movement	approach	the soldiers	Artifact	the shrine	Destination
Demonstrate	Are you going to demonstrate against them in the streets.	Conflict	demonstrate	you	Entity	the streets	Place
Attack	Behind the scenes privately here you get a palpable sense of vindication, although publicly caution is the watchword here, administration officials from the vice president on down saying the war is not over yet.	Conflict	war
Marry	I don't know the details, but on my last cruise there was a LARGE wedding going on.	Life	wedding
Die	I really think so. I really, truly do and now it's a- a situation where, with his passing, um, I think there's a real, um, new opening, a new possibility for- -- some extremely positive steps to come forward out of this -- I do think that the United States -- will probably be requested to be involved in the negotiation process and I understand that, I me- uh, because,  um, I think -- both sides -- have a trust in the United States that make it.	Life	passing	his	Victim
Phone-Write	we get thousands of e-mail from our viewers every day.	Contact	e-mail	we	Entity	our viewers	Entity	every day	Time-Within
Elect	Well, you kind of hit on some of my sentiments, um, I'm a fifty-year- old black male,  and this was my first election that I participated in.	Personnel	election
Attack	I I think -- that, uh,  he -- he's -- pretty much -- -- or he was pretty much -- following what he had always done, even as a young man,  uh, back in Algeria -- when- when he led the -- terrorist attacks against the French to kick them out of -- Algeria.	Conflict	attacks	he	Attacker	Algeria	Place	the French	Target
End-Position	but they shouldn't fire a guy for his political views.	Personnel	fire	a guy	Person	they	Entity
Transport	Some Kurds took advantage of the Iraqi retreat right away.	Movement	retreat
Meet	In meetings with South Korean officials, Wolfowitz urged them to increase military spending on new technologies and telecommunications equipment, as U.S. forces have done.	Contact	meetings	South Korean officials	Entity	Wolfowitz	Entity
Be-Born	i was born four years too late to have slept with jfk.	Life	born	i	Person	four years too late to have slept with jfk	Time-Within
Die	A serial killer in Wichita, Kansas who killed at least 8 people in the '70s and '80s.	Life	killed	at least 8 people	Victim	A serial killer in Wichita, Kansas who killed at least 8 people in the '70s and '80s	Agent	Wichita, Kansas	Place	the '70s	Time-Within	80s	Time-Within
Demonstrate	a key faction bidding for control announced it will protest the presence of a prominent iraqi exile leader.	Conflict	protest	it	Entity
Attack	You watch CNN and all you get are explosions and video of tanks and guns.	Conflict	explosions
Attack	There is a lot of fighting in this area.	Conflict	fighting	this area	Place
Phone-Write	joining us on the phone is the mayor of jackson, tennessee, charles farmer.	Contact	phone	us	Entity	the mayor of jackson, tennessee	Entity
Attack	that grim task was carried out by marines engaged in the fierce battle for the city of nasiriyah.	Conflict	battle	marines engaged in the fierce battle for the city of nasiriyah	Attacker	marines engaged in the fierce battle for the city of nasiriyah	Target
Attack	president bush called upon the world to stop terrorism after a suicide bomb attack on a bus in jerusalem today.	Conflict	attack	jerusalem	Place	a bus	Target	suicide bomb	Instrument	today	Time-Within
End-Org	Just within the past couple of months though, the American Carousel Society had determined that they did not have the funding to continue with the operation of their organization and officially ceased to exist.	Business	ceased	the American Carousel Society	Org	the past couple of months	Time-Within
Demonstrate	The protesters held banners written in English and Arabic saying the ``Hawza,'' or the Shiite religious seminary in Najaf, represents them.	Conflict	held	The protesters	Entity
Attack	a national weeklong terror drill began in seattle and an industrial lot in the city.	Conflict	terror
Attack	Planning for both the U.N. resolution and the international security force left out France, Germany and Russia, three U.S. allies that vehemently opposed the war in Iraq.	Conflict	war	Iraq	Place
Demonstrate	tens of thousands of college and high school students stage antiwar protests on campuses yesterday from coast-to-coast.	Conflict	protests	coast	Place	coast	Place	tens of thousands of college and high school students	Entity	yesterday	Time-Within
End-Position	By the summer of 2000, Barghouti and Arafat had grown increasingly at odds with each other, with Barghouti accusing Arafat's administration of corruption and his security services of human rights violations, and Arafat was planning to fire him shortly.	Personnel	fire	him	Person	the summer of 2000	Time-Starting
Arrest-Jail	The same weekend they arrested the guy, we had.	Justice	arrested	the guy	Person	they	Agent	The same weekend	Time-Within
Attack	It started as a story on port security, how U.S. Navy and Coast Guard reserves are keeping ships safe from attack in Kuwait and Iraq.	Conflict	attack	Kuwait	Place	Iraq	Place
Transfer-Money	Drudge is reporting that Arafat has been skimming 2 million a month from the gasoline trade in the territories.	Transaction	skimming	2 million	Money	Arafat	Recipient
Start-Org	When I had a j.o.b. I ran a software company for a few years and then started my own company, Pinnacle Business Enterprises and was under a 5 year exclusive contract with PriceWaterhouoseCoopers doing a lot of interesting things like Business Process Engineering, processes but mostly people and the effect new process would have on them.	Business	started	my own company	Org	I	Agent	then	Time-Within
Charge-Indict	This is an old tune as far as the Palace is concerned," Tiglao said hours after Estrada petitioned the anti-graft court, the Sandiganbayan, to dismiss the government charges against him, citing "lack of jurisdiction" since he was still the president.	Justice	charges	the anti-graft court	Adjudicator	him	Defendant	government	Prosecutor
Transport	we understand that's where the sars epidemic started from and we're going right to the heart.	Movement	going	we	Artifact	the heart	Destination
Transport	They want to get inside the holy shrine of Imam Ali.	Movement	get inside	the holy shrine of Imam Ali	Destination	They	Artifact
Attack	Publicly US officials have insisted that the war is going according to plan, and the most advanced US forces are currently some 100 kilometers (60 miles) outside of Baghdad.	Conflict	war	US	Attacker
Arrest-Jail	In Najaf, they said a prominent cleric under house arrest by the Iraqi government had urged the population not to interfere with the operations of American or British forces.	Justice	arrest	a prominent cleric under house arrest by the Iraqi government	Person	Najaf	Place
Transport	I'm taking cars to the shop for things that are not my fault.	Movement	taking	cars	Artifact	I	Agent
Transfer-Ownership	had sold oconer the rifle a few months before.	Transaction	sold	the rifle	Artifact	oconer	Buyer	a few months before	Time-Within
Die	All of that certainly helps us visualize what might happen. President Bush vows a final push to victory and he mourns the loss of fallen Marines.	Life	loss	fallen Marines	Victim
Attack	A memo from inside NBC, reported on the Web site allyourtv.com, and today in "The Washington Post," shows NBC big wigs feared that the liberal Mr. Donahue represented in the words of the NBC memo -- quote -- "a difficult public face for NBC at a time of war, while our competitors are waving the flag at every opportunity because he seems to delight in presenting guests who are anti-war, anti-Bush and skeptical of the administration's motives.	Conflict	war
Elect	Paul, as I understand your definition of a political -- of a professional politician based on that is somebody who is elected to public office.	Personnel	elected	who	Person	public office	Position
Transport	They are likely to mount small probing patrols into the city to determine the level of Iraqi resistance.	Movement	mount	small probing patrols	Artifact	the city	Destination
Transport	She tries to blame the U.S. and other members of the Security Council for not sending enough troops to stop it.	Movement	sending	enough troops	Artifact	the U.S	Agent	the Security Council	Agent
Transport	Immediate withdrawal of US and Iraqi security forces from the Anbar governorate and the handover of security responsibilities to former army officers from Anbar.	Movement	withdrawal	the Anbar governorate	Origin	US and Iraqi security forces	Artifact
Sue	Dell is involved in a class action suit for "bait and switch", where a nurse claims Dell switched parts and charged her for the more expensive items, and for promising "easy credit" for which no one qualifies and then charges ridiculously high interest rates.	Justice	suit	Dell	Defendant	bait and switch	Crime	a nurse	Plaintiff
Transport	Corpsmen quickly take patients by ambulance away from the blowing sand to a triage tent.	Movement	take	ambulance	Vehicle	patients	Artifact	a triage tent	Destination	Corpsmen	Agent
Transport	The only few travel agencies still organizing visits to the Middle East have increased their prices by 500 to 600 Yuan (60 to 72 US dollars.	Movement	visits	The only few travel agencies still organizing visits to the Middle East	Agent	the Middle East	Destination
Attack	and you're looking at a live picture from the "uss abraham lincoln" on its way back from war.	Conflict	war
Be-Born	Marwan Barghouti (born June 6, 1958) is a Palestinian leader from the West Bank and a leader of the Fatah movement that forms the backbone of the Palestinian Authority and the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO.	Life	born	Marwan Barghouti	Person	the West Bank	Place	June 6, 1958	Time-Within
Die	at least 70 were injured.	Life	injured	at least 70	Victim
Transport	They've just come across one of the Marine convoys that they need to track, so they're watching every move that the Marines make as they move towards Baghdad, making sure they don't come across any type of threat.	Movement	move	they	Artifact	Baghdad	Destination
Transfer-Ownership	Jakarta has recently purchased some Russian weapons, including 10,000 Kalashnikov assault rifles, a squadron of naval Mil-2 helicopters and a dozen BTR-80A amphibious carriers for its marines.	Transaction	purchased	some Russian weapons, including 10,000 Kalashnikov assault rifles, a squadron of naval Mil-2 helicopters and a dozen BTR-80A amphibious carriers for its marines	Artifact	Jakarta	Buyer
Demonstrate	In Lebanon, hundreds of students gathered on the campuses of the Arab University of Beirut and the American University of Beirut calling for the assassination of US President George W. Bush and British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	Conflict	gathered	Lebanon	Place	the campuses of the Arab University of Beirut and the American University of Beirut	Place	hundreds of students	Entity
Transfer-Money	It is legal, and it is done.	Transaction	it
Transport	But the Pentagon officials stress that as they close in on Baghdad, this becomes the real dangerous part as they enter that so- called red zone where Saddam Hussein is believed to have given his commanders authority to use chemical weapons, and that use of chemical weapons remains a real fear at the Pentagon.	Movement	close in	they	Artifact	Baghdad	Destination
Transport	This policy would just make it easier for the enemy to get within our borders.	Movement	get	the enemy	Artifact	our borders	Destination
Transport	We're going to a bed and breakfast this weekend, to get away, relax.	Movement	going	We	Artifact	a bed and breakfast	Destination	this weekend	Time-Within
Be-Born	Shaunie O'Neal gave birth to the couple's third child at 1:52 a.m. at a Los Angeles-area hospital, team spokesman John Black said.	Life	birth	the couple's third child	Person	a Los Angeles-area hospital	Place	1:52 a.m	Time-Within
Transport	In a move weighted with symbolism and tactical importance, a hulking U.S. C-130 transport plane flew into Baghdad's airport.	Movement	flew	a hulking U.S. C-130 transport plane	Vehicle	Baghdad's airport	Destination
Be-Born	I understand hypnobirthing can be very helpful.	Life	hypnobirthing
Injure	The army was not aware of any injuries.	Life	injuries
Transport	They admitted to having nuclear capability and weapons at this moment,'' said Rep. Curt Weldon, who headed a delegation of U.S. lawmakers that visited Pyongyang for three days ending Sunday.	Movement	visited	Pyongyang	Destination	that	Artifact	Sunday	Time-Before
Transport	That said, the armored fighting vehicles that you see there they look to me as if they're moving a little bit faster as than we probably will.	Movement	moving	the armored fighting vehicles	Vehicle
Transfer-Money	one of them being an irs investigation into several million dollars worth of cash and gift that is he gave to many many hollywood celebrities.	Transaction	gave	he	Giver	several million dollars	Money	many many hollywood celebrities	Recipient
Die	The Jews and Zigeuner on the other hand were killed simply for their ontological state.	Life	killed	The Jews and Zigeuner	Victim	The Jews and Zigeuner	Victim
Die	Iraqi rescue workers pulled two bodies from the rubble but said the toll could be as high as 14.	Life	toll	14	Victim
Attack	turns out it was an iraqi missile, a very likely a shoulder fired missile that hit his aircraft.	Conflict	hit	his aircraft	Target	it	Instrument	an iraqi missile	Instrument	a shoulder fired missile	Instrument	that	Instrument
Attack	He's trying to lead us into a war against one of his valued customers.	Conflict	war	one of his valued customers	Target
Transport	he was escorted into iraq tuesday by u.s. marines.	Movement	escorted	he	Artifact	u.s. marines	Agent	iraq	Destination	tuesday	Time-Within
Die	I'm not -- -- I I don't know, and -- I wouldn't really be able to vote -- on that because my father was killed at work.	Life	killed	my father	Victim
Phone-Write	I did get an email back from the BBC saying that they understood what I was saying and would try to be more inclusive.	Contact	email	I	Entity	the BBC	Entity
Demonstrate	Michelle Malkin has the goods on the March as well as links to other resources.	Conflict	March
Attack	These could take out a Jeep or a Humvee in a heartbeat.	Conflict	take out	a Jeep	Target	a Humvee	Target	These	Instrument
Meet	Remember to stress that Marcella can either meet with the execs or the whole group (whatever works best), that she will be talking briefly, and that she will be there because she wants to learn about that group's concerns and issues at A&M.	Contact	meet	Marcella	Entity	the execs	Entity	the whole group	Entity
Die	my family's, uh,  parents are deceased and most of ((them)) is, uh, passed my brothers all over, so her family's still younger -- and, uh, you know, just the odd sides.	Life	deceased	parents	Victim
Start-Position	Iraqi opposition leaders fear the United States is trying to force Ahmed Chalabi, head of the London-based umbrella Iraqi National Congress, on them as leader of a new Iraqi administration.	Personnel	force	Ahmed Chalabi	Person	a new Iraqi administration	Entity
Demonstrate	We'll check out some of the demonstrations.	Conflict	demonstrations
Phone-Write	he asked us to call you to let you know he's okay, and she told us that he whipped out pictures of our kids and everything and showed all the family pictures and stuff.	Contact	call	us	Entity	you	Entity
Attack	In an April 30, 2001, Washington Times column, Nat Hentoff noted that the media have devoted "scant mention" to the "plain fact that it was Mr. Annan, when he was head of the United Nation's peacekeeping office, who could have prevented the slaughter of 800,000 Tutsis and their sympathizers in Rwanda in 1994.	Conflict	slaughter	Rwanda	Place	800,000 Tutsis and their sympathizers in Rwanda	Target	800,000 Tutsis and their sympathizers in Rwanda	Target	1994	Time-Within
Phone-Write	They talked by videophone this morning.	Contact	talked	They	Entity	this morning	Time-Within
Charge-Indict	her stockbroker was also charged.	Justice	charged	her stockbroker	Defendant
Transport	cops say he allegedly kidnapped her in his car and threatened her but eventually brought her back to her home.	Movement	brought	his car	Vehicle	her	Artifact	he	Agent	her home	Destination
Transfer-Money	Of course outspoken organizations such as Planned Parenthood, which gives a lot of money to Democrats, will fight with everything they've got to keep the Democratic platform as liberal as possible.	Transaction	gives	Planned Parenthood	Giver	Democrats	Beneficiary	Democrats	Recipient
Elect	we've seen in the past in bosnia for example, you held elections and all of the old ethnic thugs get into power because they have organization and they have money and they stop the process of genuine building of democracy.	Personnel	elections	all of the old ethnic thugs	Person	bosnia	Place	the past	Time-Within
Arrest-Jail	7:05 a.m., u.s. central command says another top baath party official has been captured.	Justice	captured	another top baath party official	Person
Be-Born	police are now considering the possibility that the remains are those of laci peterson and her unborn child.	Life	unborn	her unborn child	Person
Demonstrate	the head of the iraqi democratic movement says his group will hold a demonstration in nasiriyah to denounce the presence of ahmad chalabi.	Conflict	demonstration	nasiriyah	Place	his group	Entity
End-Position	usa today" says the pilots were dismissed for allegedly taking off all or most of their clothes in the cockpit.	Personnel	dismissed	the pilots	Person
Die	Well my mom and dad are dead.	Life	dead	my mom and dad	Victim	my mom and dad	Victim
Transport	An 8-day visit to Egypt and Turkey, for instance, has increased to 12,500 Yuan (1,506 US dollars.	Movement	visit	Egypt	Destination	Turkey	Destination	8-day	Time-Holds
Meet	we are all saying that the resistance will continue despite the summit in aqaba.	Contact	summit	aqaba	Place
Die	first of all, members of my fugitive unit had been looking for the suspect, derrick lee all day based on information we received from the baton rouge police chief and the serial murder task force back in the state of louisiana.	Life	murder
Attack	Karl Penhaul is with an Army attack helicopter battalion in the town of Najaf in southeastern Iraq.	Conflict	attack
Transport	they were jumping in the sea when they saw the rescuers were on the way.	Movement	jumping	they	Artifact	the sea	Destination
Transport	The president then climbed aboard Marine One, the helicopter, heading back to the White House, where he will arrive pretty soon.	Movement	heading back	Marine One	Vehicle	The president	Artifact	the White House	Destination
Start-Position	asking the Interim ED to hire some other consultant with experience in office relocation to manage the job (there are such people).	Personnel	hire	some other consultant with experience in office relocation	Person
Arrest-Jail	You just pass out numbers on whoever you arrest.	Justice	arrest	you	Agent	whoever you arrest	Person
Die	16 people were killed.	Life	killed	16 people	Victim
Be-Born	since she's incapable of make her own decision, a florida judge based his decision on below to give birth on the recommendation.	Life	give birth
Die	Coming up, we are going to go live to Fort Bliss, where the name of that base is a far cry from the mood there today, after confirmation that more of their own were killed on the battlefield.	Life	killed	Fort Bliss, where the name of that base is a far cry from the mood there today	Place	more of their own	Victim
Attack	Yet until this war is fully won, we cannot be overconfident in our position.	Conflict	war
Transport	you'll recall december of 1988 1988 -- 1998, i should say, the mars polar lander had a very unsuccessful conclusion to its flight to the red planet.	Movement	flight	the mars polar lander	Vehicle	the red planet	Destination	december of 1988 1988 -- 1998	Time-Within
Elect	and, ah -- I mean, and, and a lot of it has to do -- and then, I just didn't know much, John Edwards seemed nice, but he just, you know, he was just, he just got elected to the Senate,  and,  I wasn't really familiar too much with hi- I mean, I think it's great that he got into the vice presidential role, but -- again, it's the whole parties that I'm really not really I don't like their policies.	Personnel	elected	John Edwards	Person
End-Position	If there are any bad doctors we want them removed from the practice of medicine.	Personnel	removed	them	Person	doctors	Position
Transport	please measure the spot where she landed after she was thrown from a seventh floor window.	Movement	thrown	she	Artifact	the spot where she landed after she was thrown from a seventh floor window	Destination
Meet	we've got controversy at this meeting.	Contact	meeting
Attack	In a moment, we'll ask two members of Congress if they're convinced that war is the only way to make Saddam Hussein disarm.	Conflict	war	Saddam Hussein	Target
Nominate	He explained he could better spend the next two years on homeland security, the economy and judicial nominations.	Personnel	nominations
Attack	KCNA said the war in Iraq had shown the only way for a country to protect itself was to have a strong military deterrent.	Conflict	war	Iraq	Place
Phone-Write	her friend anna also got one.	Contact	one	anna	Entity
Attack	Still ahead: How is the world reacting to the war in Iraq.	Conflict	war	Iraq	Place
Convict	The ``godfather'' of organized crime, Truong Van Cam  _  better known as Nam Cam  _  was convicted of seven crimes, including murder.	Justice	convicted	The ``godfather'' of organized crime	Defendant	murder	Crime
Attack	adrenaline is high on the flight deck of this carrier at war.	Conflict	war	this carrier at war	Instrument
Phone-Write	I plan to call her this morning and tell her the total, complete with my rental car for a week.	Contact	call	I	Entity	her	Entity	this morning	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	Why would an NBC reporter (who also reports on the U.N. for National Public Radio) take money from the U.N. lobby.	Transaction	money	the U.N. lobby	Giver	an NBC reporter	Recipient
Attack	Intense fighting over the weekend took a growing toll on combatants and civilians.	Conflict	fighting	combatants	Attacker	civilians	Attacker
Attack	Unlike the current situation in the Middle-East, where the number of Arabic-speaking CIA agents are few, there will be plenty of Hmong/Chinese-speaking CIA agents for disposal and use in the looming Sino-US war.	Conflict	war	Sino	Attacker	US	Attacker
Attack	They have it and we supported them having it when they were fighting Iran so it's no big deal there.	Conflict	fighting	they	Attacker	Iran	Attacker
Transfer-Money	Johnson's donations last year included $287,490 for Domocratic gubernatorial hopeful Tim Kaine.	Transaction	donations	Johnson	Giver	$287,490	Money	Domocratic gubernatorial hopeful Tim Kaine	Recipient	last year	Time-Within
Phone-Write	Time now for "Fireback," where our wacky and kooky fans and friends and critics right in.	Contact	right	our wacky and kooky fans and friends and critics	Entity	our wacky and kooky fans and friends and critics	Entity	our wacky and kooky fans and friends and critics	Entity
Transport	Lt. Col. Thomas Collins, a spokesman for the U.S. Army's Southern European Task Force, refused to say whether the paratroopers deployed directly from Italy into Iraq or had taken a different route.	Movement	deployed	Iraq	Destination	Italy	Origin
Arrest-Jail	but city officials say several people have been arrested on civil disobedience charges.	Justice	arrested	several people	Person
Transport	they may have been timed to coincide with the arrival of secretary of state colin powell in riyadh.	Movement	arrival	secretary of state colin powell	Artifact	riyadh	Destination
Die	Yeah, I think the -- I think they're still they're going to go through even though, uh, even though,  um, what's it called,  that you know of all the -- turmoil that's happening there and all of the argu- you know, and all the -- killings and everything.	Life	killings	there	Place
Transport	My girlfriend was on the run from probation in Fla when she got herself in trouble here in Az.	Movement	run	here in Az	Destination	Fla	Origin	My girlfriend	Artifact
End-Org	Now US Airways has reduced flights out of Pittsburgh by 28% since January of 2004 and is in real danger of folding completely.	Business	folding	US Airways	Org
Charge-Indict	now, willie williams, the little girl's father is charged with attempted murder.	Justice	charged	willie williams	Defendant	attempted murder	Crime	now	Time-Within
Marry	Oh, yeah, it wasn't perfect.	Life	it
Phone-Write	and i'm sure we'll hear from many of you and we will select some of the responses and share them with you a bit later.	Contact	hear from	we	Entity	many of you	Entity
Elect	The problem with Sistani running Iraq is he refuses to talk to the Ameircans, and as the real power broker what ever figure heads take the PM and other posts will speak with as little authority as their counter parts in Iran.	Personnel	take	what ever figure heads take the PM and other posts	Person	PM	Position	other posts	Position
Attack	Because he helped plan the attack on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.	Conflict	attack	the World Trade Center	Target	the Pentagon	Target
Attack	Up next: a live report on that ceremony and the latest efforts to pass a spending bill to pay for the war.	Conflict	war
Phone-Write	A political public service message brought to you by Clear Channel.	Contact	message	you	Entity	Clear Channel	Entity
Elect	Given the American attention span is about 10 minuts the creation of a dictatorship of US puppets against the election would be ignored in the US.	Personnel	election
Attack	Here in the north, Iraqi tanks and guns are still firing, and the American effort is looking a little ragged.	Conflict	firing	Here in the north	Place	Iraqi tanks and guns	Instrument	Iraqi tanks and guns	Instrument
Transport	This brings to mind a speech Prime Minister Tony Blair gave recently while visiting Iraq.	Movement	visiting	Prime Minister Tony Blair	Artifact	Iraq	Destination	recently	Time-Within
Charge-Indict	Being that it isn't yet the ninth month, can we still charge the killer with kidnapping.	Justice	charge	the killer	Defendant	we	Prosecutor	kidnapping	Crime
Fine	President Bush today renewed his call for a $250,000 cap on pain and suffering damages from the victims of medical malpractice.	Justice	damages
Trial-Hearing	The authorities have moved the trial venue for security reasons and to allow wider media coverage.	Justice	trial
Transfer-Ownership	Since coalition troops seized Baghdad's international airport, they have encircled the heavily-bombed city of 5 million people, blocking off entry and exits and monitored all movement from the air.	Transaction	seized	Baghdad's international airport	Artifact	the heavily-bombed city of 5 million people	Place	coalition troops	Buyer
Nominate	Peterson, of course, is a candidate for the Lt. Governor nomination.	Personnel	nomination	a candidate for the Lt. Governor nomination	Person
Attack	New explosions rock Baghdad after dark.	Conflict	explosions	Baghdad	Place
Transfer-Ownership	we also know that 12 miles southwest of the city, coalition forces remain largely in control of what was formerly saddam hussein international airport, now renamed by the coalition baghdad international airport.	Transaction	control	what	Artifact	coalition forces	Buyer
Transport	Monday's advances came one day after British forces in the south made their deepest push into Iraq's second largest city.	Movement	push	British forces in the south	Artifact	Iraq's second largest city	Destination	the south	Origin
Die	he died monday at the age of 65.	Life	died	he	Victim	monday	Time-Within
Transport	Drive back to Boston passing through New York.	Movement	Drive	Boston	Destination
Die	And I went to the priest, because it bothered me.	Life	it
Transport	looks like it will be some time before we make our way to mars.	Movement	way	our	Artifact	mars	Destination
Attack	John Kennedy, George H. Bush, and even John Kerry, the loser, had distinguished military careers that were apt substitutes for leading men in battle.	Conflict	battle	men	Attacker
Die	In 1991, however, the U.S. Congress banned this after Indonesian troops killed hundreds of civilians in East Timor.	Life	killed	hundreds of civilians in East Timor	Victim	Indonesian troops	Agent	East Timor	Place	1991	Time-Within
End-Position	I'm also sorry to see Tom Ridge resigning.	Personnel	resigning	Tom Ridge	Person
Transport	there has been intelligence scraps, who knows how accurate they are, chatter in the system, that suggests that the closer that coalition forces get to baghdad and tikrit the greater the likelihood and that some command and control arrangements have been put in place.	Movement	get	baghdad	Destination	coalition forces	Artifact
Elect	What if Chichester had been elected Lt. Gov, instead of Wilder, all those years ago.	Personnel	elected	Chichester	Person	Lt. Gov	Position	all those years ago	Time-Starting
Injure	did you hear about the injuries she sustained.	Life	injuries	she	Victim
Start-Position	Where's he going to Commerce.	Personnel	going	he	Person	Commerce	Entity
Attack	If LPDR plays ball with Uncle Sam, then there will be no bloodshed in Laos.	Conflict	bloodshed	Laos	Place
Attack	This tightens the noose against Saddam's forces battling coalition forces to the south,'' Brig. Gen. James Parker, commander of U.S. forces in the north.	Conflict	battling	Saddam's forces battling coalition forces to the south	Attacker	coalition forces to the south	Attacker	the south	Place
Attack	Even as we filmed the wreckage, U.S. jets were still dropping their bombs nearby.	Conflict	dropping	U.S. jets	Instrument	their bombs	Instrument
Attack	When in it's 60 year long history has Israel ever stepped up the conflict, or cast the first stone.	Conflict	conflict	Israel	Attacker
Attack	However, as the Second Intifada began, Barghouti became increasingly popular as a leader of the Fatah Tanzim militia.	Conflict	Intifada	the Fatah Tanzim militia	Attacker
End-Position	Graham's article has the interesting hook of quoting one of Peterson's rivals, former Congresswoman and State Sen. Leslie Byrne, as approving of the measure because it's "something that I've been talking about for some time now.	Personnel	former	former Congresswoman and State Sen	Person	State	Entity	Congresswoman	Position	Sen	Position
Attack	7:00 a.m., u.s. central command says the coalition may never know if iraqi president saddam hussein survived a u.s. air strike yesterday.	Conflict	strike	u.s	Attacker	iraqi president saddam hussein	Target	yesterday	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	and you're paying them piss.	Transaction	paying	you	Giver	them	Recipient
Attack	The Iraqis promise an unconventional attack on U.S. troops tonight.	Conflict	attack	U.S. troops	Target	tonight	Time-Within	The Iraqis	Attacker
Meet	Powell also expressed hope that South Korea and Japan will be able to participate ``when and if'' there is another round of talks.	Contact	talks	South Korea	Entity	Japan	Entity
Start-Org	Sheik Ayad Jamal Al Din, a Shiite religious leader from Nasiriyah, urged the delegates to craft a secular government, according to a pool report.	Business	craft	a secular government	Org	the delegates	Agent
Attack	Britain has deployed some 45,000 troops to fight with the more than 250,000 US soldiers lined up against Iraqi troops.	Conflict	fight	some 45,000 troops	Attacker	the more than 250,000 US soldiers lined up against Iraqi troops	Attacker	Iraqi troops	Attacker
Transport	i just think about all the family members sitting at home, sitting on the dock looking at this boat coming in.	Movement	coming	this boat	Vehicle	home	Destination	the dock	Destination
Phone-Write	Please take a few moments to drop her a note (I do not have an email address for her.	Contact	drop	her	Entity
Attack	the white house saying, and the president directly quoted as saying, he was deeply troubled by that initial attack.	Conflict	attack
Attack	and i'm sure we'll continue to drop ordnance.	Conflict	drop	we	Attacker	ordnance	Instrument
Elect	It is pretty bizarre, considering how long they had to organize elections.	Personnel	elections
Marry	canada is on the path to becoming the third country to allow gay marriage.	Life	marriage	gay	Person	canada	Place
Phone-Write	No phones, no e-mail, letters are the only link to home.	Contact	letters
Charge-Indict	All of them were charged Thursday under Section 38 of the Terrorism Act 2000, which covers failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism, said the reports.	Justice	charged	All of them	Defendant	failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism	Crime	Thursday	Time-Within
Meet	Annan also declined to comment on Thursday's meeting with Al-Douri.	Contact	meeting	Annan	Entity	Al-Douri	Entity	Thursday	Time-Within
Injure	Some of the 40,000 British troops are kicking up a lot of dust in the Iraqi desert making sure that nothing is left behind them that could hurt them.	Life	hurt	them	Victim
Transport	A British ship, the Sir Galahad, moved into position at the mouth of the Khor Abdallah river Tuesday night with 211 tons of food and 101 tons of bottled water.	Movement	moved	A British ship	Vehicle	the mouth of the Khor Abdallah river	Destination	Tuesday night	Time-Within
Attack	The spokesman added that he "would obviously call on all sides to do what they can to break the cycle of violence, because it is only through engagement that we can realise the vision everyone wants to see.	Conflict	violence	all sides	Attacker
Elect	Sistani will run Iraq, or the election will be ignored.	Personnel	election	Sistani	Person	Iraq	Entity
Marry	I really think it's time for the church to admit that a civil ceremony followed by a temple sealing reaches the same goal, often in a more loving way, than insisting that only the sealing is worth doing.	Life	ceremony
Attack	Earlier this week, Saudi and U.S. officials said they had new intelligence pointing to Osama bin Laden's al-Qaida group possibly launching fresh attacks in the United States or against American interests overseas.	Conflict	attacks	Osama bin Laden's al-Qaida group	Attacker	the United States	Place
Transport	The Denver Post newspaper reported on Friday that the girls had decided to stay home and bake the cookies rather than go to a dance where there might be cursing and drinking.	Movement	go	the girls	Artifact	home	Origin
Attack	Efforts were to continue at the United Nations Friday to find a breakthrough in the diplomatic stalemate on Iraq, with Washington warning it could bypass the Security Council and go to war alone.	Conflict	war	it	Attacker
Attack	as we've been reporting, only within the past hour or so, there's been a shooting incident in central israel, not far from the west bank.	Conflict	shooting	central israel	Place	within the past hour or so	Time-Within
Transport	what i should tell you is there are about 15 possible routes to get you to the top of mt. everest.	Movement	get	you	Artifact	the top of mt. everest	Destination
End-Position	That runs against the fact that so many of them are just leaving their practice because they can't afford it.	Personnel	leaving	so many of them	Person
Transport	Your gran- you go to your grandma's house.	Movement	go	you	Artifact	your grandma's house	Destination
Injure	Her parents said they don't know yet what caused their daughter's injuries.	Life	injuries	their daughter	Victim
Die	Well, funeral services were held today in Colorado for 21-year- old Marine Corporal Randall Kent Rosacker.	Life	funeral	21-year- old Marine Corporal Randall Kent Rosacker	Victim
Transfer-Money	It seems that in recent years, instead of doing the people's business, good ole Linda has spent her time stealing over 600 grand in Federal Education funds.	Transaction	stealing	over 600 grand	Money	good ole Linda	Recipient	recent years	Time-Within
Transport	Col. David Perkins, a brigade commander of the 3rd Infantry, told his troops before the operation that the mission was intended to be ``a dramatic show of force'' to demonstrate that U.S. forces can enter Baghdad at any time, anywhere.	Movement	enter	U.S. forces	Artifact	Baghdad	Destination
Demonstrate	Of course the above does not take into account that people driven by fear don't riot and loot every thing in site in the first week.	Conflict	riot	people driven by fear	Entity	the first week	Time-Within
Trial-Hearing	Are we going to say to these and so many others, you can't have your full day in court.	Justice	have	you	Prosecutor
Transport	So many people come here, but we don't know about them at all.	Movement	come	So many people	Artifact	here	Destination
Attack	Bob, one of the reasons I think so many Americans are worried about this war and so many people around the world don't want to go is there have been a lot of problems with credibility from this administration.	Conflict	war
Transfer-Money	Pitt gets $2000/year towards competition.	Transaction	gets	$2000	Money	Pitt	Recipient
Be-Born	Yes, only the Christians value life when it's a life before birth.	Life	birth
Transfer-Ownership	we, of course, will bring the word to you just as soon as the army and coalition forces do take control of saddam hussein international airport, just on the outskirts of baghdad.	Transaction	take	saddam hussein international airport, just on the outskirts of baghdad	Artifact	the outskirts of baghdad	Place	the army	Buyer	coalition forces	Buyer
Die	Yates, in case you have forgotten, is the women from Texas who heinously drowned her five kids, aged 6 months to 7 years, one by one, in her bathtub.	Life	drowned	her five kids, aged 6 months to 7 years	Victim	the women from Texas who heinously drowned her five kids, aged 6 months to 7 years, one by one, in her bathtub	Agent	Texas	Place
Transport	Also, I was looking at both citations, I didn't get to the hospital until 2:30 am, and the officer has the time of incident as being at 2:34 am.	Movement	get	I	Artifact	the hospital	Destination	2:30 am	Time-Within
Marry	Unfortunately we started off on the wrong foot for a lot of reasons and the marriage didn't last.	Life	marriage	we	Person
Marry	For my part though, I think we started the marriage with a compromise and deined ourselves tremendous blessing and ultimately paid the price.	Life	marriage	we	Person
Transport	The patient had to be airavacked and by that time it was too late to prevent the brain damage.	Movement	airavacked	The patient	Artifact
Die	I knew I could do it again.	Life	it	I	Agent
Start-Position	Toyota Motor Corp. said Tuesday it will promote Akio Toyoda, a grandson of the company's founder who is widely viewed as a candidate to some day head Japan's largest automaker.	Personnel	head	Akio Toyoda	Person	Japan's largest automaker	Entity
End-Position	He he's very honest, he's very strong in his beliefs, and I'm sorry to see him go.	Personnel	go	him	Person
Sentence	Well, uh they're coming up to the sentencing, and I heard yesterday or read in the newspaper or something that his brother -- I guess it was on the television.	Justice	sentencing
End-Position	a management blunder we heard an awful lot about on behalf of donald carty, the ceo of american airlines, parent company amr has cost carty his job.	Personnel	cost	donald carty	Person	the ceo of american airlines, parent company amr	Position	amr	Entity
Transport	It- they w- had to go up there about some natural gas rights or something like that.	Movement	go	there	Destination
Transport	Exactly we we got uh we got a lot of programs we got like basketball programs for the kids to play basketball,  volleyball,  um we take them out on a lot of trips, lot of field trips.	Movement	take	them	Artifact	we	Agent
Declare-Bankruptcy	usairways is flying its way out of bankruptcy.	Business	bankruptcy	usairways	Org
Transport	We weren't sure what we wanted to eat for dinner, so we just wandered around a bit, and finally ended up at a "steakhouse" near the station...big mistake.	Movement	ended up	we	Artifact	a "steakhouse" near the station	Destination
Attack	this morning hamas vows revenge for an israeli missile attack.	Conflict	attack	israeli	Attacker	missile	Instrument
Transport	Yeah, I did go through -- West Virginia, one time through -- from Pittsburgh.	Movement	go	West Virginia	Destination	Pittsburgh	Origin	I	Artifact
Attack	But, as it has from the beginning, air power remains an important part of the battle.	Conflict	battle
Demonstrate	Demonstrations also took place in the northern Egyptian cities of Alexandria, Tanta and Kafr el-Sheikh.	Conflict	Demonstrations
Transport	Prices here were a bit cheaper than the local foodstore, and during our trip, I made several trips here.	Movement	trips	I	Artifact	here	Destination
Marry	I can't help but wonder if perhaps we did ourselves a diservice by not getting sealedi ntially, and making our marriage a gospel focused one.	Life	marriage	our	Person
Trial-Hearing	The trial by a Ho Chi Minh City court was seen as a litmus test of the communist government's resolve to fight widespread corruption.	Justice	trial	a Ho Chi Minh City court	Adjudicator
Transfer-Money	Seventy percent of the cases filed are told there's no payment.	Transaction	payment
Transport	The bus was ripped to shreds while travelling between a residential area and Haifa university.	Movement	travelling	The bus	Vehicle	Haifa university	Destination	a residential area	Origin
Transport	As coalition forces push ahead in their march toward Baghdad, they have encountered some resistance in the Shiite holy city of Karbala.	Movement	march	coalition forces	Artifact	Baghdad	Destination
Sue	The average number of suits against a neurosurgeon is five in South Florida.	Justice	suits	a neurosurgeon	Defendant	South Florida	Place
Transport	Our embedded reporters say the two-pronged advance appears to be moving faster than commanders expected.	Movement	advance
Die	He's- I mean, like, you know, let's- i- -- for- for all he did in his later years, eh, Yasser Arafat was responsible for -- a good chunk of al- you know, a lot of -- Israeli dying -- i- you know.	Life	dying	Israeli	Victim	Yasser Arafat	Agent
Meet	North Korea on Sunday rejected the U.N. Security Council's plan to discuss the standoff over its suspected nuclear weapons development, calling it ``a prelude to war.	Contact	discuss	North Korea	Entity	the U.N. Security Council	Entity
Transfer-Money	Many do this, as they know it is an investment for the time and talents they need.	Transaction	this	Many	Giver
Transfer-Money	But a senior P.L.O. official tells TIME, "they'll pay her a pension, and that's it.	Transaction	pay	they	Giver	her	Recipient
Attack	Well, no major concern. The Pentagon says that they do have air dominance as they now call it over the vast majority of the country that there are certain areas and only certain areas of downtown Iraq where battle management radars linked to surface to air missiles are still in tact.	Conflict	battle
End-Position	Colonel Patrick Lang, retired, United states Army, thanks for your insights.	Personnel	retired	Colonel Patrick Lang	Person	United states Army	Entity	Colonel	Position
Phone-Write	he joins us now from washington.	Contact	joins	he	Entity	us	Entity	now	Time-Within
Convict	Five of them are Indonesians convicted of murders while the other is an Indian drug offender, Ayodhya Prasad Chaubey.	Justice	convicted	Five of them	Defendant	murders	Crime
Die	Sidenote: Mu'awiya bin Abi Sufyan was the governor of Syria during the 7th century and he fought Imam Ali bin Abi Talib (Muhammed's son-in-law) over the Caliphate after the assassination of Caliph Othman.	Life	assassination	Caliph Othman	Victim
Phone-Write	william writes this -- please continue to write to us.	Contact	writes	william	Entity
End-Position	I mean, look all the people that are leaving his cabinet -- and their calling for, um, Run- Rumsfeld's regigna- resignation and, uh,  even John McCain, he's a Republican, he wants him -- -- he wants Rumsfeld to get out of there.	Personnel	get out	Rumsfeld	Person
Transport	police measure the spot where ten months old miana williams landed after she was thrown from a seventh floor window at this apartment building.	Movement	landed	ten months old miana williams	Artifact	seventh floor	Origin
Attack	You're looking at live pictures of Baghdad where there have been more strikes, more bombs dropped, more missiles this evening and of course as always, CNN keeping a close eye, a close watch, a close listen on what's going on in Baghdad.	Conflict	strikes	Baghdad	Place	more bombs	Instrument	more missiles	Instrument	this evening	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	Although the need for help is still continuing, some individual charities have announced that they have already received as much in donations as they can put to use for this effort.	Transaction	donations	some individual charities	Recipient
Attack	in the last gulf war, you had arab forces on the ground.	Conflict	war	arab forces	Attacker	gulf	Place
Convict	So he didn't get both first degree murders.	Justice	get	he	Defendant	first degree murders	Crime
Transport	After many minutes lying motionless on the field, Ferguson was finally removed via stretcher, giving a thumbs up to the crowd on the way out.	Movement	removed
Sue	as bob pointed out, the next battle ground is a bill to block lawsuits by victims of gun violence or families against gunmakers and dealers.	Justice	lawsuits	gunmakers	Defendant	dealers	Defendant	victims of gun violence	Plaintiff	families against gunmakers and dealers	Plaintiff
Die	Sometimes reporters, like "The Wall Street Journal"'s Danny Pearl, die in covering a different kind of war.	Life	die	reporters	Victim	The Wall Street Journal"'s Danny Pearl	Victim
End-Position	I used to work there.	Personnel	work	I	Person	there	Entity
Attack	Police say a suicide bomber blew himself up outside this cafe, called The London Cafe, earlier Sunday afternoon.	Conflict	blew	a suicide bomber	Attacker	this cafe	Target	earlier Sunday afternoon	Time-Within
Transfer-Ownership	and bought our company out from our previous owner.	Transaction	bought	our company	Artifact	our previous owner	Seller
End-Position	Former Governor Gerald Baliles, in this same vein, has advocated a realignment of the two houses in a way that serves commonalities.	Personnel	Former	Former Governor	Person	Governor	Position
Attack	The rebels "in any case cannot allow to have its prisoners to be taken away by enemy forces without a military response," he added.	Conflict	response	The rebels	Attacker
Attack	We're talking with potential war in Iraq with Congressman Charlie Rangel, a New York Democrat and his fellow New Yorker Republican Congressman Peter King.	Conflict	war	Iraq	Place
Die	A Viet Cong soldier dropped dead.	Life	dead	A Viet Cong soldier	Victim
Start-Position	I'm not Hispanic, but they uh I've hired uh.	Personnel	hired
Sentence	Well, he he he probably will, yeah.	Justice	will	he	Defendant
Attack	A second reason is Europe's growing worries about Islamic terrorism.	Conflict	terrorism	Islamic	Attacker	Europe	Place
Injure	Less than 10 percent of the victims of medical malpractice, and we're talking about horrific injuries here, even file a claim.	Life	injuries	the victims of medical malpractice	Victim
Attack	There were -- two very strong -- militant groups that were Israeli and they -- committed a lot of terrorist acts.	Conflict	acts	two very strong -- militant groups	Attacker	Israeli	Place
Injure	No one was injured and no equipment was damaged in the incident.	Life	injured	No one	Victim
Sue	Washington, DC- The Bechtel Corporation was handed a powerful victory last week, when a secretive trade court announced that it would not allow the public or media to participate in or even witness proceedings in which Bechtel is suing the people of Bolivia.	Justice	suing	a secretive trade court	Adjudicator	the people of Bolivia	Defendant	Bechtel	Plaintiff
Attack	As you make every entry, Miles, there are two dead spots, one, of course, in this direction right here, which you can't see from the doorway, the other in this direction right here, and that's always the problem, because as you come in here, you've got to be able to get in there quickly and make sure that this person here doesn't get shot in the back.	Conflict	shot	this person here	Victim
Nominate	and the pope will reportedly name a new head of the troubled boston archdiocese this week.	Personnel	name	a new head of the troubled boston archdiocese	Person	the pope	Agent	this week	Time-Within
Meet	His US counterpart, John Negroponte, said: "I can't say we are much farther along today than we were yesterday," after hours of talks on six British benchmarks to test Iraq's compliance with council demands.	Contact	talks	we	Entity	after hours	Time-Holds
Transport	On another vital front, British troops thrust to the center of Basra, Iraq's second largest city, with a sense they were finally shaking Saddam loyalists loose.	Movement	thrust	British troops	Artifact	the center of Basra, Iraq's second largest city	Destination
Attack	More than 70 tanks and 60 Bradley armored vehicles were involved in the blitz, military sources said.	Conflict	blitz	More than 70 tanks	Instrument	60 Bradley armored vehicles	Instrument
Attack	Hopefully it will be a short war.	Conflict	war
Declare-Bankruptcy	So I will thankfully accept the low fares, bemoan the loss of food on flights, and watch these companies parade in and out of bankruptcy.	Business	bankruptcy	these companies	Org
Attack	We can't put it on -- the ro- or the- -- the whole responsibility of the pre- -- peace process can't be the leader of -- a- -- a group that is- -- I don't know, in my view,  has -- not ver- not very many resources to fight- -- to fight this -- battle that -- their trying to fight against -- a government that has taken away a lot of their land,  that,  you know, doesn't allow them to really move around in their own country.	Conflict	fight	a group that is- -- I don't know, in my view,  has -- not ver- not very many resources to fight- -- to fight this -- battle that -- their trying to fight against -- a government that has taken away a lot of their land,  that,  you know, doesn't allow them to really move around in their own country	Attacker
Transport	he -- after landing and taking a brief tour of part of the ship, he also went out on to the flight deck and observed some of the flight operations of some of the f-18 aircraft that are now leaving these aircraft, headed to lamore after this 10-month long deploy am.	Movement	headed	these aircraft	Vehicle	lamore	Destination	10-month long	Time-After
Appeal	The sixth offender has only made one appeal for a review.	Justice	appeal	The sixth offender	Plaintiff
Sue	SECRETIVE WORLD BANK TRIBUNAL BANS PUBLIC AND MEDIA PARTICIPATION IN BECHTEL LAWSUIT OVER ACCESS TO WATER.	Justice	LAWSUIT	BECHTEL	Plaintiff
Transfer-Ownership	And how'd they get them.	Transaction	get	them	Artifact	they	Buyer
Transfer-Money	They because they got some better insurance policies and some better -- bonuses that they paid out at the end of the month and -- you know, it was a little better.	Transaction	paid out	they	Giver	the end of the month	Time-Within
Elect	Which is to say that there might as well not be bylaws, ethics standards, laws, etc., since an elected board is not bound by any of them.	Personnel	elected	an elected board	Person
Injure	dozens were hurt.	Life	hurt	dozens	Victim
Transport	My kids, uh, kids and their kids come, all but one of them.	Movement	come	their kids	Artifact	all but one of them	Artifact
Execute	Up next, evidence at a makeshift morgue points to mass executions by the Iraqi regime.	Justice	executions	the Iraqi regime	Agent	a makeshift morgue	Place
Die	Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.	Life	that
Elect	Elections.	Personnel	Elections
Elect	One very bad argument that was made by Kevin Bachler, which to be fair was surrounded by arguably better ones, was that since this board was elected, we should let them do as they please.	Personnel	elected	this board	Person
Transport	But others note that trucks were seen carrying the rods out of their normal storage area months ago, and it is unclear where they are _ or even whether the United States is sniffing for the krypton gas in the right place.	Movement	carrying	trucks	Vehicle	their normal storage area	Origin	months ago	Time-Within
Attack	Um -- why, uh, now why did they decide that this was to be this big (()) out of this with the most heinous crime in all of California.	Conflict	crime	California	Place
Transport	When the dust settled and the mess tent had been evacuated, everybody who could talk was questioned about their health.	Movement	evacuated	the mess tent	Origin
Attack	A federal law enforcement official, who declined to be identified by name, said Thursday there is no evidence of a plot or terrorist activity.	Conflict	activity	terrorist	Attacker
Attack	And to the south, British forces continue their attack on targets around Basra.	Conflict	attack	British forces	Attacker	Basra	Place
Phone-Write	the 19-year-old army private spoke to her parents yesterday pie phone from a hospital in germany.	Contact	spoke	a hospital in germany	Place	the 19-year-old army private	Entity	her parents	Entity	yesterday	Time-Within
Meet	No comment at all. This is my last word to you,'' he told hordes of journalists who chased him Thursday at his New York residence and U.N. headquarters seeking comment on his talks with the secretary-general, his future and the war.	Contact	talks	his	Entity	the secretary-general	Entity
Meet	We are going to be having a sock painting party at my house instead of the normal meeting at St. Mary's.	Contact	meeting	St. Mary	Place	We	Entity
Meet	A three-way summit with U.S. President George W. Bush could take place as early as next week, possibly in Jordan.	Contact	summit	Jordan	Place	U.S. President George W. Bush	Entity	next week	Time-Within
Transport	We can tell you that a lot of pilots of this base are not flying to another base in Iraq.	Movement	flying	a lot of pilots of this base	Artifact	another base in Iraq	Destination
End-Position	One last thing, Ken Pollack I want to ask about this British officials saying that they have information that Saddam Hussein has fired his air defense chief.	Personnel	fired	his air defense chief	Person
End-Position	Former Illinois Senator Carol Moseley-Braun recently decided to run for president.	Personnel	Former	Former Illinois Senator Carol Moseley-Braun	Person	Illinois	Place	Senator	Position
Transfer-Money	Breaking the gasoline smuggling and corruption boosted the Palestinian Authority's official treasury by $10 million a month and cut gas prices for ordinary Palestinians.	Transaction	boosted	$10 million	Money	the Palestinian Authority	Recipient
Die	And and and to me, to let people die because so your friends.	Life	die	people	Victim	your	Agent
Meet	israeli prime minister ariel sharon and palestinian prime minister mahmoud abbas scheduled to meet today, their second chance now to discuss the bush administration's road map more mideast peace.	Contact	meet	israeli prime minister ariel sharon	Entity	palestinian prime minister mahmoud abbas	Entity	today	Time-Within
Trial-Hearing	he was told today he will have his dmai court.	Justice	have	he	Defendant	court	Place
Die	Well -- I, uh, I don't think there was anything malicious, uh, in terms of his death -- uh, just looking at him these last, uh, couple of years uh, it seems like he had Alzheimer's or something.	Life	death	his	Victim
Charge-Indict	Christie's was not prosecuted in the United States after its management agreed to testify against Sotheby's and provide documents needed to prove fraudulent intent.	Justice	prosecuted	Christie's	Defendant	the United States	Place
Declare-Bankruptcy	507 days since enron filed for bankruptcy.	Business	bankruptcy	enron	Org
Attack	But KCNA quoted the spokesman as saying that the U.S. invasion of Iraq showed that Washington was not bound by international agreements.	Conflict	invasion	U.S	Attacker
Attack	Do you support the war.	Conflict	war
Attack	by u.s. forces and which appears to be run by members of the the war began in iraq several weeks ago.	Conflict	war	iraq	Place	several weeks ago	Time-Starting
Attack	after the president came aboard, he then spent a considerable amount of time talking to many of the young men and women on the flight deck, taking photographs with them, still wearing his flight suit throughout much of that period, talking to them and again this evening, he will be issuing a major address to the american people reguarding the end of major combat operation.	Conflict	combat
Start-Position	I've got a a manager that -- you know, she's -- I defer to her on who thinks whether she thinks I should hire somebody or not.	Personnel	hire	somebody	Person
Elect	The truth about this election is this: Florida and Ohio had to go for Bush in order for him to "win" the election.	Personnel	election	him	Person
Transport	they were armedded with their m-16s, they are concerned. their families were here to see them off, but they are determined to return though it is interesting to note that many of them, so many with young children have told their kids that mom or dad could be away for as long as a year.	Movement	return	they	Artifact
Transfer-Money	what's interesting, i mean, reading the article, basically a lot of the celebrities paid by him to attend charity functions.	Transaction	paid	him	Giver	a lot of the celebrities	Recipient
Meet	Even some of those at the meeting said they did not want Garner leading the interim administration.	Contact	meeting	some of those at the meeting	Entity
Die	What I do know is Saddam Hussein has butchered over a million of his own citizens.	Life	butchered	over a million of his own citizens	Victim	Saddam Hussein	Agent
Die	I know that he had done a lot of volunteer things before, and that was the one things that made me wonder there was any possible chance that it could have been somebody else who did it.	Life	it	somebody else who did it	Agent
Transport	On the eve of a visit to the Saudi capital, Foreign Minister Alexander Downer said security at the Australian embassy appeared to be sufficient.	Movement	visit	Foreign Minister Alexander Downer	Artifact	the Saudi capital	Destination	the Australian embassy	Origin	the eve of a visit to the Saudi capital	Time-Within
Attack	Explosions were heard throughout the night Sunday, and shortly before dawn on Monday, shaking downtown buildings.	Conflict	Explosions	throughout the night Sunday	Time-Within
Be-Born	I am on the large side but I am so worried about how I'm going to cope with a natural childbirth without a pool (not available round here.	Life	childbirth
Die	all 225 people aboard were killed.	Life	killed	all 225 people aboard	Victim
Attack	that particular a-10 was hit in the right engine.	Conflict	hit	that particular a-10	Target
Die	first of all, karl, how many iraqis were killed in that incident.	Life	killed	how many iraqis	Victim
Die	She died awaiting surgery.	Life	died	She	Victim
End-Position	on wednesday, washington wizards' owner ended the three-year association with jordan.	Personnel	ended	jordan	Person	washington wizards	Entity	wednesday	Time-Ending	three-year	Time-Holds
Attack	The Army is eating much, much better than the grandfathers of these soldiers did and the great grandfathers of these soldiers in the Second World War.	Conflict	War
Release-Parole	he called the case and i'm quoting now, a judge's worst nightmare, but he noted that maryland parole boards and the facility where michael serious was held, the institution made what the judge called the final decision on whether to release serious.	Justice	release	serious	Person	maryland parole boards	Entity	the facility where michael serious was held	Entity
Die	Many here though say they are relieved only one person dead, the suicide bomber.	Life	dead	the suicide bomber	Agent	one person	Victim
Transfer-Ownership	And now, they're swallowed by Just Another Monolith.	Transaction	swallowed	they	Artifact	Just Another Monolith	Buyer
Execute	President Megawati Sukarnoputri has refused clemency for the six and asked for a speedy execution.	Justice	execution	the six	Person
Attack	The more they learn about this invasion, the more they learn about this occupation, the less they support it.	Conflict	invasion
Elect	Local leaders did their jobs, but national leaders, pressuring TV stations to lie, associating with old communist ex-president Ion Iliescu, failed to win in big cities.	Personnel	win	national leaders	Person	big cities	Place
Elect	WI it was only a two-way race between Lincoln and Douglas? I believe Douglas would have won.	Personnel	won	Douglas	Person
Transfer-Ownership	it would be deadly to let iran let their hands on nuclear weapons employ i would support any action.	Transaction	hands on	nuclear weapons	Artifact	their	Buyer
Transfer-Ownership	The recent rumors about WalMart's plans to buy out a shipping company have given rise to the fear that the company may go the conglomerate route.	Transaction	buy out	a shipping company	Artifact	WalMart	Buyer
Die	By the time of his death, he was down to his last $1 billion, according to Israeli-intelligence estimates.	Life	death	his	Victim
Injure	There was no information on the identity of the injured person.	Life	injured	the injured person	Victim
Attack	Yesterday I was up just south of Baghdad by 30 miles and we were fighting SA-2s and SA-6s and AAA on the ground.	Conflict	fighting	Baghdad	Place	I	Target	we	Target	SA-2s	Instrument	SA-6s	Instrument	AAA	Instrument	Yesterday	Time-Within
Transport	We got into Heathrow on Monday morning.	Movement	got	We	Artifact	Heathrow	Destination	Monday morning	Time-Within
Attack	It means when you take the threat of force of the table, you're likely to stop disarming Saddam Hussein.	Conflict	force
Declare-Bankruptcy	A bankruptcy case doesn't close until you get the discharge order, and until then everything that the debtor receives is fair game for the trustee.	Business	bankruptcy
Die	we'll be talking with an expert on saddam hussein, author andrew coburn about whether saddam hussein is dead or alive and where in the world is he.	Life	dead	saddam hussein	Victim
Attack	You'll see another person come right up here, and he'll hold on this door, because that's not been cleared space yet, again, straight trigger finger, but ready to shoot if he needs to.	Conflict	shoot	he	Attacker
Attack	She admits, however, that, "The Rwanda massacres occurred while Annan was U.N. Undersecretary General for peacekeeping," and that "After he became SG [Secretary General], Annan commissioned a report to examine what had happened and suggest remedies.	Conflict	massacres	Rwanda	Place
Injure	When she's in Germany, Lynch will be treated for bullet wounds and broken bones.	Life	wounds	bullet	Instrument	Lynch	Victim
Attack	The blast shattered walls and windows in the building.	Conflict	blast	the building	Target
Phone-Write	He asked for that approval but the answer came back in a now-infamous "genocide fax" from Annan's office.	Contact	fax	He	Entity	Annan's office	Entity
Arrest-Jail	a pizza delivery helped police nab the suspect in the kidnapping of a 9-year-old california girl.	Justice	nab	the suspect in the kidnapping of a 9-year-old california girl	Person	police	Agent	the kidnapping of a 9-year-old california girl	Crime
Transport	also ahead, the anatomy of a rescue, just a couple of hours ago, rescued p.o.w. jessica lynch arrived at the ramstein air base in germany for medical treatment.	Movement	arrived	rescued p.o.w. jessica lynch	Artifact	the ramstein air base in germany	Destination	a couple of hours ago	Time-At-Beginning
Attack	We have warned against the marginalisation of the United Nations ... and we see this aggression today plunging the world into a tunnel where one cannot see the end," he said in a statement.	Conflict	aggression	the United Nations	Attacker
Attack	they say some iraqis who worked in the field before the war already are asking for their jobs back.	Conflict	war
Meet	thelma gutierrez telling the story of the kramers meeting kramer.	Contact	meeting	the kramers	Entity	kramer	Entity
Transport	Now, as you go from Saddam International Airport into town you see there are some big, wide divided highways there.	Movement	go	you	Artifact	Saddam International Airport	Origin	town	Destination
Transport	Teammate Kobe Bryant said he would not be surprised if O'Neal had a big game Sunday despite his expected late arrival in Minneapolis.	Movement	arrival	Minneapolis	Destination	his	Artifact
Transport	when they made the decision not to move toward bagdad with bad information.	Movement	move	they	Agent	bagdad	Destination
Transport	Judy, in the next hour, on our special "WOLF BLITZER REPORTS," I'm going to be speaking live to her older brother who is in the Army, her younger sister who wants to be in the Army, just around the same time as Jessica is going to be arriving at Ramstein, the air base in Germany for some serious medical treatment.	Movement	arriving	Jessica	Artifact	Ramstein	Destination
Arrest-Jail	This runup is based on the inexplicable hope that now that the head of the firm and the embodiment of a much-resented brand is no longer doing time for lying to the Federal government, they'll be able to really coin some money.	Justice	doing time	the head of the firm	Person	lying to the Federal government	Crime
Transfer-Money	North Korea offered to drop its nuclear and missile programs in exchange for security guarantees and economic aid, according to U.S. officials.	Transaction	aid	North Korea	Recipient
Sue	He had to sue to become our president, and he keeps trying to bribe other countries' democratic governments into his supporting his agenda.	Justice	sue	he	Plaintiff
Transfer-Ownership	We also had a buyer for the building at a prize much higher than it was eventually sold for and a commitment for 4% bank financing in Crossville.	Transaction	sold	it	Artifact	a buyer for the building	Buyer
Attack	Law-abiding people should not be told that if they are attacked, they should turn around and run," NRA lobbyist Marion Hammer told lawmakers.	Conflict	attacked	they	Target
Die	ask any american marine and they'll tell you they'll do anything possible to recover the bodies of fallen comrades.	Life	fallen	fallen comrades	Person
Attack	An Abu Dhabi TV office in Baghdad also was hit.	Conflict	hit	Baghdad	Place	An Abu Dhabi TV office in Baghdad	Target
Attack	American officials cited continuing examples of Iraqis cooperating with invading troops.	Conflict	invading	invading troops	Attacker
Die	This morning, when talking about the horrors of Auswitch on the BBC Breakfast programme, they referred to the slaughter of thousands of Jews and others.	Life	slaughter	thousands of Jews and others	Victim	thousands of Jews and others	Victim	Auswitch	Place
Attack	`The Republican Guard has taken a massive hammering at every level and is now scattered and deploying somewhat erratically at the brigade level,'' he said.	Conflict	hammering	The Republican Guard	Target
Meet	Uh not me personally, but we uh we all meet there and we we have our little sales meetings every morning.	Contact	meetings	there	Place	we	Entity	every morning	Time-Within
Attack	Along with France, Russia, Germany and China also strongly opposed the war.	Conflict	war
Attack	I wonder why they protest the war with Iraq.	Conflict	war	Iraq	Place
Die	As mentioned in "The Final Solution" thread, the number of men killed for being homosexual was at the most 10-15,000.	Life	killed	men killed for being homosexual	Victim
Transport	dramatic rescue and then a return home.	Movement	return	home	Destination
Attack	He said this long before the conflict ever began.	Conflict	conflict
Merge-Org	Ellison is brilliant enough to make this merger work, but he's crazy enough to wreck even the soundest of deals.	Business	merger
Start-Position	he is part teen idol, part king in the making, but unlike his father, prince charles, who is likely to precede him to the throne, this prince sustains -- disdains being called your royal highness, signing his name, william wales.	Personnel	precede	his father	Person	prince charles	Person
Start-Org	The interim administration could begin handing power back to Iraqi officials within three to six months, but forming a government will take longer, said Maj. Gen. Tim Cross, the top British member of Garner's team.	Business	forming	a government	Org
Elect	US election fraud: whisper growing to a roar.	Personnel	election	US	Place
Phone-Write	jamie is not the only military wife who received a photo and letter.	Contact	letter	the only military wife who received a photo and letter	Entity
Attack	They had planned to use the laser against Tokyo policemen, but the plan failed when the laser malfunctioned during the testing stage.	Conflict	use	They	Attacker	Tokyo	Place	Tokyo policemen	Target	the laser	Instrument
Attack	we know the israelis fired.	Conflict	fired	the israelis	Attacker
Transport	The rover named Spirit lifted off from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station aboard a Boeing Delta II rocket at 1:58 p.m. (1758 GMT.	Movement	lifted off	a Boeing Delta II rocket	Vehicle	The rover named Spirit	Artifact	the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station	Origin	1:58 p.m	Time-Within
Transport	going to Tennessee, and the regular tradition is going to my mother- in-law's.	Movement	going	Tennessee	Destination
Attack	The United States has long called Hezbollah a terrorist organization, but the French, American and European officials said, have opposed doing so, and argue that making such a designation now would be unwise, given the new turbulence in Lebanon.	Conflict	turbulence	Lebanon	Place	new	Time-Holds
Meet	Seoul had hoped to use the three-day talks to try to persuade its communist neighbor to scrap its suspected nuclear program in return for aid and better relations with the outside world.	Contact	talks	Seoul	Entity	its communist neighbor	Entity	three-day	Time-Holds
End-Position	Ashcroft surprised me a little bit um but um I sort of started to think he might step down because evidently he was being he was considered somewhat of a lightning rod for um you know some of his more controversial stands and stuff so.	Personnel	step down	he	Person
End-Position	Media tycoon Barry Diller on Wednesday quit as chief of Vivendi Universal Entertainment, the entertainment unit of French giant Vivendi Universal whose future appears up for grabs.	Personnel	quit	Media tycoon Barry Diller	Person	Vivendi Universal Entertainment	Entity	chief	Position	Wednesday	Time-Within
Die	we'll put a small part of that up on the screen right now where she said, "i am confident that the criminal justice system will work to punish the people who killed my husband.	Life	killed	my husband	Victim	the people who killed my husband	Agent
Attack	both of my generation and britain have special pause to remember the unacceptable sacrifice the russian people made to defeat fascism in the second world war.	Conflict	war
Marry	Two of my nephews were excluded from their brother's wedding this weekend because they are not LDS.	Life	wedding	their brother	Person	this weekend	Time-Within
End-Org	the board is who decides that and board is so often chock full of the ceos golfing buddies, they serve on each other's boards and problem here is gap between what the average worker makes and ceo is making is increasing and everyone agrees that is not a good thing for this country, plus the fact, when the guys get the big packageses, so often you see the companies going down the zblubs thank you for updating us.	Business	going down	the companies	Org
Transport	The toll on Iraqi civilians four days after Americans first penetrated the Baghdad outskirts is unknown.	Movement	penetrated	Americans	Artifact	the Baghdad outskirts	Destination
Die	Who really benefits from his death.	Life	death	his	Victim
Transfer-Money	White House spokesman Ari Fleischer blamed Saddam Hussein's regime for slowing the flow of US$105 million in U.S. aid by placing mines in the port of Umm Qasr.	Transaction	aid	U.S	Giver	US$105 million	Money
Attack	I want to join together the feelings of each of us as individuals who oppose the war.	Conflict	war
Attack	In two weeks after the air war began, there is no let-up and no effective response from the Iraqis.	Conflict	war	the Iraqis	Attacker	two weeks after the air war began	Time-Holds
Die	the baby fell 80 feet.	Life	fell	the baby	Victim
Transport	Orders went out today to deploy 17,000 U.S. Army soldiers in the Persian Gulf region.	Movement	deploy	17,000 U.S. Army soldiers	Artifact	the Persian Gulf region	Destination
Transport	the first departures are already underway at fort hood texas.	Movement	departures	texas	Origin
Attack	In northern Iraq, Kurdish forces tightened their ring around Kirkuk on Tuesday, following heavy coalition airstrikes on Iraqi fronts.	Conflict	airstrikes
Transfer-Ownership	The company intended to use the cash to pay an artificially low price for Yukos assets.	Transaction	pay	Yukos	Artifact	The company	Buyer
Elect	I didn't particularly like the the tone about the the religious uh -- side of -- the that election.	Personnel	election
Transport	airlines are getting flyers to destinations ontime more often.	Movement	getting	flyers	Artifact	airlines	Agent
End-Position	I need a similar self made entrepreneur who recently sold his company; is currently at the helm of one; or, a recently exited executive with a large severance pay who is sitting in the middle of nowhere, USA, is bored, and has always secretly wanted to get into the film business for tax, vanity, or alternative investment reasons.	Personnel	exited	a recently exited executive with a large severance pay who is sitting in the middle of nowhere, USA, is bored, and has always secretly wanted to get into the film business for tax, vanity, or alternative investment reasons	Person	executive	Position
End-Org	Many small businesses will have to close down (alcohol related) women will have to dress head to toe again, etc.	Business	close down	Many small businesses	Org
Be-Born	he was born on november 4th.	Life	born	he	Person	november 4th	Time-Within
Transport	in 1999, the mars polar lander was supposed to arrive alive by using.	Movement	arrive	the mars polar lander	Artifact	1999	Time-Within
Meet	And all the meetings he's missing, and just, you know, I think it's more of a status quo for him.	Contact	meetings	he	Entity
Attack	If he is alive, obviously, he doesn't pose the kind of threat that an Osama bin Laden does with his cellular network around the world to reactivate al Qaeda and international terrorism.	Conflict	terrorism	al Qaeda	Attacker
Elect	he won his first election in 1928, the office of the county superintendent.	Personnel	election	he	Person	the office of the county superintendent	Position	1928	Time-Starting
Attack	i grew up in war zones.	Conflict	war
Attack	Yeah, I- I mean, I- I did support the war.	Conflict	war
End-Org	Both the AMA and the Bush administration released reports this week saying out of control trial lawyers are driving doctors out of their practices all across the country.	Business	driving	the country	Place
Meet	settlers call the just concluded israeli-american- palestinian summit a surrender, and were not impressed.	Contact	summit	israeli	Entity	american	Entity	palestinian	Entity
Die	shortly afterward, israel killed seven people in gaza, two of them members of hamas.	Life	killed	seven people in gaza	Victim	israel	Agent	gaza	Place
Transport	he didn't get his papers where he's going to be c- -- he's in upstate New York right now but he's going to -- have to probably go back to- to either Iraq or Af- Afghanistan.	Movement	go back	he	Artifact	upstate New York	Origin	Iraq	Destination	Afghanistan	Destination
Transport	coming up on our next hour, u.s. forces edged toward the outskirts of baghdad and we'll tell you what kind of resistance they're fating from saddam hussein's elite republican guard.	Movement	edged	u.s. forces	Artifact	the outskirts of baghdad	Destination
Charge-Indict	he is accused of attempting to ignite a dirty bomb in this country.	Justice	accused	he	Defendant	this country	Place	attempting to ignite a dirty bomb in this country	Crime
Marry	I got a sort of an icky feeling when I realized the only people who did attend the kid's wedding was his unmedicated bi-polar mother and his father, who suffers from Alzheimers.	Life	wedding	the kid	Person
Transport	A man driving what appeared to be a taxicab came to the checkpoint, waved soldiers over, appeared to be having mechanical problems of some kind.	Movement	came	the checkpoint	Destination	A man driving what appeared to be a taxicab	Artifact	what	Vehicle
Attack	as the extent of the lookedding and destruction came to light, experts in the u.k. were making plans to help.	Conflict	destruction
Start-Position	And Condoleezza Rice is going to step into that position, the way I understand it, uh.	Personnel	step into	Condoleezza Rice	Person
Trial-Hearing	only his day in court won't come until january 2005.	Justice	come	his	Defendant	court	Place	january 2005	Time-Within
Transport	are they trying to swim to shore we'll.	Movement	swim	they	Artifact	shore	Destination
Die	And one of them, not from our CNN, but from a very close friend of all of ours, Michael Kelly, paid that price.	Life	paid that price	one of them	Victim
Attack	We watched a nighttime raid on the homes of Ba'ath Party officials and Fedayeen militia.	Conflict	raid	the homes of Ba'ath Party officials and Fedayeen militia	Place	Ba'ath Party officials	Target	Fedayeen militia	Target	nighttime	Time-Within
Attack	That blast turned out to be a rocket-propelled grenade, but there's plenty of artillery and mortar fire to come.	Conflict	fire	mortar	Instrument	artillery	Instrument
Transport	Well, I was the one, who just happened to go home back in like nineteen eighty or something and saw Bill Clinton.	Movement	go	the one	Artifact	home	Destination
Attack	Talent was in charge of the CIA when two of the most costly intelligence failures in American history happened -- not recognizing the Sept. 11 plot, and wrongly claiming that Saddam had a stockpile of WMDs.	Conflict	Sept. 11
Transfer-Money	Russia has accepted a US$150 million World Bank loan to combat the spread of AIDS and tuberculosis, ending a negotiating process that lasted four years, World Bank officials said Friday.	Transaction	loan	World Bank	Giver	US$150 million	Money	Russia	Recipient
Transfer-Ownership	Um I worked -- we just recently um got bought by our our strategic partner -- so, whoa, my radio.	Transaction	bought	we	Artifact	our our strategic partner	Buyer
Attack	I will be talking with a ranking member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Senator Joe Biden, just ahead, for his take on how the war is going.	Conflict	war
Transfer-Ownership	That air base that coalition forces have now taken control of near Nasiriya.	Transaction	taken control	That air base that coalition forces have now taken control of near Nasiriya	Artifact	coalition forces	Buyer	Nasiriya	Place	now	Time-Before
End-Position	Back in 1996, budget cuts eliminated the job of State Archaeologist.	Personnel	eliminated	the job of State Archaeologist	Position	1996	Time-Within
Phone-Write	Can you tell us what she said to you on the telephone.	Contact	telephone	she	Entity	you	Entity
Die	Who sends troops to die on our side.	Life	die	troops	Victim
Sentence	They sentenced him to death.	Justice	sentenced	They	Adjudicator	him	Defendant	death	Sentence
Transfer-Money	reporter: if he doesn't claim his royalty, they'll donate them to an iraqi children's charity.	Transaction	donate	they	Giver	iraqi children	Beneficiary	an iraqi children's charity	Recipient
Attack	A separate poll of 1,846 adults by the leading Yomiuri newspaper published Tuesday showed 64 percent felt Japan had "no choice" but to back the United States, with only 12 percent saying Japan had "every reason" to back the war.	Conflict	war
Marry	Thus, the couple was actual married by a justice of the peace in the state of Florida.	Life	married	the couple	Person	the state of Florida	Place
Attack	The Security Council imposed sanctions after Iraq's 1990 invasion of Kuwait.	Conflict	invasion	Iraq	Attacker	Kuwait	Place	1990	Time-Within
Meet	we talked with the lieutenant in miami and there is big time concern in the shenandoah neighborhood, southwestern portion of miami.	Contact	talked	miami	Place	we	Entity	the lieutenant in miami	Entity
Be-Born	I have 2 girls already, nearly 8 and 4.5 yrs and I have always said I will NEVER forget the pain of childbirth.	Life	childbirth
Appeal	Reznik said he addressed the new appeal directly to Supreme Court Chairman Vyacheslav Lebedev and asked that it not be considered by military judges ``because the military justice system has adopted a biased attitude against Pasko,'' Interfax reported.	Justice	appeal	Supreme Court Chairman Vyacheslav Lebedev	Adjudicator
End-Position	The popular player  _  known for his temperament and the words ``No Regret'' tattooed across his chest  _  retired from Denmark's national team after it was knocked out in the second round of the 2002 World Cup.	Personnel	retired	The popular player  _  known for his temperament and the words ``No Regret'' tattooed across his chest	Person	Denmark's national team	Entity	2002	Time-Within
Transport	Police intercepted 33 African immigrants who came ashore Thursday in southern Spain aboard an overcrowded boat, including several pregnant women and other travelers suffering from hypothermia, police said.	Movement	came	33 African immigrants who came ashore Thursday in southern Spain aboard an overcrowded boat, including several pregnant women and other travelers suffering from hypothermia	Artifact	southern Spain	Destination	Thursday	Time-Within	an overcrowded boat	Vehicle
Meet	They said reports of a breakdown in the talks were a ``misrepresentation.	Contact	talks
End-Org	the high-end baby carriage company went bust last year.	Business	bust	the high-end baby carriage company	Org	last year	Time-Within
Transport	According to the criminal complaint, Montgomery traveled about 40 miles to Topeka, Kan., on Thursday to go shopping.	Movement	traveled	Montgomery	Artifact	Topeka, Kan	Destination	Thursday	Time-Within
Transfer-Ownership	they captured an iraqi base in an unused factory in the southern suburbs of that city.	Transaction	captured	an iraqi base in an unused factory in the southern suburbs of that city	Artifact	the southern suburbs of that city	Place	they	Buyer
End-Position	last night, former general electric ceo jack welch talked to paula zahn about this issue of corporate greed.	Personnel	former	former general electric ceo jack welch	Person	general electric	Entity	ceo	Position
Die	Singapore has reported 16 deaths, the world's third-highest toll, out of 186 infected from the flu-like illness.	Life	deaths	Singapore	Place
Attack	The question of whether we go to war or not is strictly a national question.	Conflict	war	we	Attacker
Transport	The vessel already has been towed back to an unidentified port, Xinhua said.	Movement	towed	The vessel	Artifact	an unidentified port	Destination
Transfer-Money	But after drawn-out talks, President Vladimir Putin signed off on the loan, which will take effect this year, the World Bank said.	Transaction	loan	the World Bank	Beneficiary	President Vladimir Putin	Recipient	this year	Time-Starting
Phone-Write	w.''re joined on the phone by the police chief of atlanta.	Contact	phone	w	Entity	the police chief of atlanta	Entity
Trial-Hearing	I didn't really follow the trial very closely at all.	Justice	trial
Phone-Write	Everyone wanted to call.	Contact	call	Everyone	Entity
Attack	No matter what the MSM tries to tell you, there are Iraqi's who will help the allies, who will fight alongside them and put their lives at risk to make sure Democracy succeeds in their country.	Conflict	fight	who	Attacker
Attack	we'll talk with a terror expert about that, and iraqi deserters on the northern front.	Conflict	terror
Transport	But the Pentagon believes some Iraqi Republican Guard units have withdrawn to the capital for what could be their last stand.	Movement	withdrawn	some Iraqi Republican Guard units	Artifact	the capital	Destination
Die	But I wonder if you can respond to Mr. McCormick's point. Who are you, who's our president to tell him that his suffering is only worth $250,000 for the loss of a child.	Life	loss	a child	Victim
Start-Position	Just reported from AP that Condi Rice has been chosen by President Bush to become the new Secretary of State for his second term.	Personnel	chosen	Condi Rice	Person	Secretary of State	Position
Elect	Kerry was the clear winner, but victory was snatched from him.	Personnel	victory	Kerry	Person
Attack	It is another friendly fire disaster.	Conflict	fire
Attack	that preemptive strike they put, i think somewhat elegantly, trying to strike at the head of the snake.	Conflict	strike	they	Attacker
Attack	The coalition air force will begin providing urban combat air support over the city.	Conflict	combat	the city	Place
Attack	He will blow a city off the earth in a minute if he can get the hold of the means to do it.	Conflict	blow	He	Attacker	the earth	Place
Attack	North Korea's military may have fired a laser at a U.S. helicopter in March, a U.S. official said Tuesday, as the communist state ditched its last legal obligation to keep itself free of nuclear weapons.	Conflict	fired	North Korea's military	Attacker	a U.S. helicopter	Target	a laser	Instrument	March	Time-Within
Attack	A convoy of Russian diplomats, including the ambassador, came under fire Sunday while evacuating Baghdad, the Russian foreign ministry said.	Conflict	fire	Baghdad	Place	Russian diplomats	Target	the ambassador	Target	Sunday	Time-Within
Charge-Indict	as you mentioned, if anyone is seen to be selling these on the black market they will be prosecuted.	Justice	prosecuted	they	Defendant	selling these on the black market	Crime
End-Position	And I won't dwell on the irony of an Oracle employee being driven out of Oracle, starting his own company, and forcing Ellison to spend $10.3 billion to get his company -- but not him -- back.	Personnel	driven	an Oracle employee	Person	Oracle	Entity
Appeal	they appealed to the supreme court on behalf of these two people.	Justice	appealed	the supreme court	Adjudicator	they	Plaintiff	these two people	Plaintiff
Die	although, the tragic loss of british lives today reminds us all of the difficulties to be faced.	Life	loss	british lives	Victim	today	Time-Within
Attack	Saddam wouldn't be destroying missiles unless he thought he was going to be destroyed if he didn't.	Conflict	destroyed	Saddam	Target
Elect	He lost an election to a dead man.	Personnel	election	a dead man	Person
Attack	And Mr. Rumsfeld went on to say, Secretary Rumsfeld went on to say, there is still a war going on, still quite a dangerous situation -- Judy.	Conflict	war
Attack	So they're still out there. But the air power and the air package that we take to the fight, we continue to be effective.	Conflict	fight	we	Attacker
End-Position	the head of the catholic church in phoenix, arizona, bishop thomas o'brien has resigned.	Personnel	resigned	bishop	Position	the head of the catholic church in phoenix, arizona	Person	the catholic church in phoenix, arizona	Entity
Transport	it was the first manned flight to the space station since the february first shuttle "columbia" disaster.	Movement	flight	the space station	Destination
Elect	confirmation of the electoral arithmetic: the states where Lincoln got an abolute majority of the popular vote (i.e., all the free states except Oregon, California, and New Jersey) were sufficient to bring him a majority in the Electoral College.	Personnel	electoral	him	Person	the states where Lincoln got an abolute majority of the popular vote (i.e., all the free states except Oregon, California, and New Jersey	Place	the Electoral College	Entity
Charge-Indict	stewart pleaded not guilty to a nine-count indictment.	Justice	indictment	stewart	Defendant	nine-count	Crime
Transfer-Ownership	Michelle Malkin has a post about this today where some outlets have stopped selling lasers.	Transaction	selling	lasers	Artifact	some outlets	Place
Transport	The plan calls for parallel steps in the first stage, including a Palestinian crackdown on militants, an Israeli troop pullback from Palestinian towns and a construction freeze in Jewish settlements.	Movement	pullback	Palestinian towns	Origin	Israeli troop	Artifact
Attack	it was hit by coalition bombs and missiles and then burned and looted by iraqis.	Conflict	hit	coalition	Attacker	it	Target	coalition bombs and missiles	Instrument	coalition bombs and missiles	Instrument
Attack	perhaps with that in mind, the nation's threat level back at orange, or high, to discourage and thwart potential terrorist attacks.	Conflict	attacks	terrorist	Attacker
Attack	The truth is that, as director of U.N. peacekeeping, Annan personally refused requests to authorize U.N. peacekeepers in Rwanda to seize weapons and prevent genocide.	Conflict	genocide	Rwanda	Place	weapons	Instrument
Trial-Hearing	Have yo- how so, how do you feel about this Scott Peterson trial and all the publicity they're putting into it, and.	Justice	trial	Scott Peterson	Defendant
Start-Position	Toyoda, who joined Toyota, based in Toyota city, central Japan, in 1984, spearheaded the automaker's Internet and telematics business  _  a technology that puts wireless communications into vehicles.	Personnel	joined	who	Person	Toyota, based in Toyota city, central Japan	Entity	1984	Time-Within
Charge-Indict	Chiluba faces 65 counts of theft including that of 15 billion kwacha (US$3 million) in cash from the Zambia National Commercial Bank in Lusaka.	Justice	faces	Chiluba	Defendant	Lusaka	Place	65 counts of theft including that of 15 billion kwacha (US$3 million) in cash from the Zambia National Commercial Bank in Lusaka	Crime
Transport	The group said several hundred of its members were flown to an area near the city of Nasiriyah.	Movement	flown	several hundred of its members	Artifact	an area near the city of Nasiriyah	Destination
Meet	investigators looking for answers today at a shareholders meeting today in virginia.	Contact	meeting	virginia	Place	shareholders	Entity	today	Time-Within
Meet	The ministers also decided to cold-shoulder foreign envoys who meet with Arafat.	Contact	meet	who	Entity	Arafat	Entity
Die	a massacre of massive proportions is unraveling in africa, and most of the world is turning a blind eye.	Life	massacre	africa	Place
Charge-Indict	the software giant paying to settle charges it used its monopoly power in after to block the aol netscape browser.	Justice	charges	the software giant	Defendant	it	Defendant	it used its monopoly power in after to block the aol netscape browser	Crime
Trial-Hearing	Yeah, well, I that's what I was g- my next question was, that was another big criminal criminal, uh, trial.	Justice	trial
End-Position	Both companies have been penalized for these actions and have continued to restructure operations, sell assets, and layoff employees.	Personnel	layoff	employees	Person	Both companies	Entity
Attack	These include not only Iraq's disarmament and the future of sanctions but the U.N. role in Iraq now that the fighting is over, control of Iraq's oil revenue, and lucrative reconstruction contracts.	Conflict	fighting
Die	I think that, um,  his death -- marks a beginning of trying to find somebody that -- really wants peace.	Life	death	his	Victim
Elect	Um,  yeah, I think -- you know I think they should have continued to go through with it, and you know um -- if- if there is -- if there's problems, you know, just -- still -- don't, you know -- just ignore it, keep going, you know you can't -- stop, you know,if you already started something, you know, you should complete it, I think.	Personnel	it
Meet	In conformity with the Lome Declaration, the release said the AU Central Organ of the Mechanism for Conflict Prevention, Management and Resolution will meet very shortly to consider the situation and the measures to be taken.	Contact	meet	the AU Central Organ of the Mechanism for Conflict Prevention, Management and Resolution	Entity
Die	Does that look like a Lottery winner to you, holding a picture of his dead baby.	Life	dead	his dead baby	Victim
Die	I think the chance of their being only 10000 who were homosexual amongst the how ever million were killed in the camps is rather small.	Life	killed	the how ever million were killed in the camps	Victim	the camps	Place
Transfer-Ownership	Y'all recently got bought.	Transaction	bought	Y'all	Artifact	recently	Time-Within
Marry	They say it takes one year for every two that you were married.	Life	married	you	Person
Phone-Write	The FARC sought the exchange of more than 70 politicians, soldiers and policemen in its control for nearly 500 rebels imprisoned by the government, said Luis Devia, also known as Raul Reyes, a FARC leader, in a letter sent to the program Noticias Uno.	Contact	letter	Luis Devia, also known as Raul Reyes	Entity
Die	the coroner examining the remains of two bodies recovered near san francisco bay yesterday was unable to determine the cause of death.	Life	death	the remains of two bodies recovered near san francisco bay yesterday	Victim
Die	The Holocaust of the Jews and Zigeuner was motivated by racial prejudices.	Life	Holocaust	the Jews and Zigeuner	Victim	the Jews and Zigeuner	Victim
Elect	I don't know why- how he got elected, I mean, there's a lot of people that did vote.	Personnel	elected	he	Person
Transport	Additionally, the 7th Cavalry has pushed onward in the general direction of Baghdad.	Movement	pushed onward	Baghdad	Destination	the 7th Cavalry	Artifact
Appeal	Anwar is expected to appeal again with the Federal Court, Malaysia's highest court.	Justice	appeal	the Federal Court	Adjudicator	Malaysia	Place	Anwar	Plaintiff
Be-Born	I don't understand how we can call this fetus-thing that was ripped from a mother's womb a "child" or "girl" in a society that sanctions partial-birth abortion.	Life	ripped	that	Person
Attack	now let's go back to wolf blitzer in kuwait city for more special coverage of the war in iraq.	Conflict	war	iraq	Place
Phone-Write	karl penhaul is joining us life on the phone with more.	Contact	joining	karl penhaul	Entity	us	Entity
Attack	At one stage, it appeared that U.S. forces had taken control of the airport, ``and then it got more confusing with continued fighting, Myers said Thursday night.	Conflict	fighting	Thursday night	Time-Within
Charge-Indict	Northshore Management, the hedge fund firm accused of stealing millions of dollars in client funds, is now facing actual SEC action.	Justice	accused	stealing	Crime	the hedge fund firm accused of stealing millions of dollars in client funds	Defendant	SEC	Prosecutor
Transfer-Ownership	I now live in Watertown, MA, 12 miles from Boston's Logan airport, in a lovely two family house I bought as an investment with my boss, my 9 year old Yorkshire Terrier, Teddy.	Transaction	bought	a lovely two family house I bought as an investment with my boss, my 9 year old Yorkshire Terrier, Teddy	Artifact	I	Buyer
Transfer-Money	It took six weeks before the USCF paid the guaranteed prizes the prize winners had won at the US Open.	Transaction	paid	the USCF	Giver	the prize winners	Recipient	six weeks	Time-After
Transport	andrew luster, though arrived yesterday at los angeles international airport on a commercial flight from mexico.	Movement	arrived	a commercial flight from mexico	Vehicle	andrew luster	Artifact	los angeles international airport	Destination	mexico	Origin
Die	Thousands could die.	Life	die	Thousands	Victim
End-Position	Maurice R. "Hank" Greenberg, who turns 80 in May, groomed two sons to be successors, but both have since left AIG.	Personnel	left	both	Person	AIG	Entity
Attack	Congressman Sanders, you're opposed to this war.	Conflict	war
Meet	Secretary of State Colin Powell goes to the U.N. tomorrow to do what he can.	Contact	goes	Secretary of State Colin Powell	Entity	the U.N	Entity	tomorrow	Time-Within
Attack	And, um,  I mean, I agree with my dad and, you know, if anybody should know it's someone that fought in a war, you know.	Conflict	fought	someone that fought in a war	Attacker
Attack	the strike targeted a hamas leader.	Conflict	strike	a hamas leader	Target
Die	and they say these experts will be able to tell how long the body had been in there and if the remains of the almost full-term baby boy were inside the female's remains at the time of death.	Life	death	the body	Victim	the time of death	Time-Within
Transport	Out of security concerns, major travel agencies, including the China International Travel Service, China Travel Service and China Youth Tourism Service, have temporarily suspended tours to Egypt and Turkey for Chinese tourists.	Movement	tours	Chinese tourists	Artifact	major travel agencies	Agent	the China International Travel Service	Agent	China Travel Service	Agent	China Youth Tourism Service	Agent	Egypt	Destination	Turkey	Destination
End-Position	Now, his tenure at the United Nations is over, too.	Personnel	over	the United Nations	Entity	his	Person
Sue	President Bush points this way today, even the most frivolous of lawsuits cost money, premiums go up and either way, the patient pays.	Justice	lawsuits	the patient	Plaintiff
Transport	We'll have more on the march toward Baghdad after a quick break.	Movement	march	Baghdad	Destination
Meet	the "truman" is the first east coast-based carrier to return from the war.	Contact	war
Attack	If we move in on Baghdad, and give you a sense of the kinds of targets that might be encountered in urban combat.	Conflict	combat
Elect	He came to office in 1991 and served two five-year terms.	Personnel	came to	He	Person	1991	Time-Within	two five-year terms	Time-Holds
Transport	It was to begin the six-hour journey into Umm Qasr on Wednesday, according to a pool report.	Movement	journey	It	Vehicle	Umm Qasr	Destination	Wednesday	Time-Within
Die	Did you do it again.	Life	it	you	Agent
Attack	North Korea has repeatedly accused Washington of planing to invade.	Conflict	invade	Washington	Attacker
Trial-Hearing	Where the trial's at.	Justice	trial
Attack	again, today, there were disturbing hints, and we underscore hints here, that coalition forces may soon face an attack using chemical weapons.	Conflict	attack	chemical weapons	Instrument	coalition forces	Target
Die	What I think was quite appalling from what Dana said on the Oprah show was that the doctors wanted to pull the life support from Chris *without her being there.	Life	pull	Chris	Victim	the doctors	Agent
Attack	But he also said, ``He may destroy them to embarrass us,'' to show the world he never had such weapons and that Bush invaded for no reason other than aggression.	Conflict	invaded	Bush	Attacker
Charge-Indict	the imclone scandal led to charges against waksal's friend, martha stewart, last week over her sale of the stock the day before the price collapsed.	Justice	charges	waksal's friend	Defendant	martha stewart	Defendant	her sale of the stock the day before the price collapsed	Crime	last week	Time-Within
Attack	they also believed one of those attacked in this string is age 79 as well.	Conflict	attacked	one of those attacked in this string	Target	those attacked in this string	Target
Transport	I have -- my cousin's getting ready to go over there and it just, oh, it just makes me sick.	Movement	go	my cousin	Artifact	there	Destination
Charge-Indict	the charges include conspiracy to obstruct justice and perjury connected to an insider trading scandal.	Justice	charges	conspiracy to obstruct justice	Crime	perjury	Crime
Meet	the big focus is american airlines, the board of the company meeting today, possibly discussing the future of ceo don carty, he got in trouble when he jacked up pensions of the guys in top while asking employees to take big pay cuts.	Contact	meeting	the board of the company	Entity	today	Time-Within
Attack	A police firing squad enforces the penalty.	Conflict	firing	A police firing squad	Attacker
Start-Position	The employers who hire them instead of raising wages to attract native-born Americans and legal immigrants.	Personnel	hire	them	Person
Sue	a source tell us enron is considering suing its own investment bankers for giving it bad financial advice.	Justice	suing	its own investment bankers	Defendant	giving it bad financial advice	Crime	enron	Plaintiff
Attack	military officials say a missile hit his warthog and he was forced to eject.	Conflict	hit	his warthog	Target	a missile	Instrument
Transport	Go to Tennessee to see my, uh, two sisters.	Movement	Go	Tennessee	Destination
Nominate	Um,  well, there's been a couple where -- they've- they talked about the Cabinet -- for -- Bush, and Bush has been,  um,  you know,  selecting new Cabinet members and -- all of the new members are people that I'm- I don't really know very well.	Personnel	selecting	new Cabinet members	Person	Bush	Agent
Injure	Sergeant Chuck Hagel was seriously wounded twice in Vietnam.	Life	wounded	Sergeant Chuck Hagel	Victim	Vietnam	Place
Declare-Bankruptcy	it lost $862 million in the first quarter, but that's much better than the retailer did a year ago when it was under bankruptcy protection.	Business	bankruptcy	the retailer	Org	a year ago	Time-At-Beginning
Charge-Indict	mothers of two of the students at glenbrook north high school have also been named on misdemeanor charges of supplying beer to the teenagers.	Justice	charges	mothers of two of the students at glenbrook north high school	Defendant	misdemeanor	Crime
Start-Position	Yeah we got about -- we got about -- I'd say -- girl, when I started, it was like four counselors.	Personnel	started	I	Person
Attack	just getting back from spending a tour in kuwait during the war.	Conflict	war
Attack	israeli hospital gun ships fired on a jeep in gaza.	Conflict	fired	israeli	Attacker	gaza	Place	a jeep in gaza	Target	israeli hospital gun ships	Instrument
Transfer-Ownership	China, the North's ally and major aid donor, says it doesn't want Pyongyang to acquire nuclear weapons and has appealed for a negotiated settlement to the crisis.	Transaction	acquire	Pyongyang	Buyer	nuclear weapons	Artifact
Elect	Toujan Faisal, 54, said she was informed of the refusal by an Interior Ministry committee overseeing election preparations.	Personnel	election
Transport	Do you want the troops to be honored in that way when they come back, to have parades in New York, Washington, elsewhere.	Movement	come back	the troops	Artifact	they	Artifact
Attack	Some Florida legislators want to give people the right to shoot an attacker in a public place.	Conflict	shoot	an attacker	Attacker	a public place	Place	people	Target
Attack	The waiting shed literally exploded," said Vice Mayor Luis Bongoyan, speaking to local radio station.	Conflict	exploded	The waiting shed	Target
Start-Position	Toefting transferred to Bolton in February 2002 from German club Hamburg.	Personnel	transferred	Toefting	Person	Bolton	Entity	February 2002	Time-Within
Die	Maybe the Dr.s had hypothesized possibilities at the time of death and in the months since then, they may thought of other reasons I don't know.	Life	death
Injure	After a police officer arrived, the second bag exploded, seriously injuring him, the officials said.	Life	injuring	the second bag	Instrument	him	Victim
Convict	All but five were convicted.	Justice	convicted	All but five	Defendant
End-Position	It has refused in the last five years to revoke the license of a single doctor for committing medical errors.	Personnel	revoke	a single doctor	Person	doctor	Position	the last five years	Time-Within
Transport	Refugees have been pouring out of Fallujah over the last few days into Baghdad and the surrounding areas.	Movement	pouring out	Refugees	Artifact	Baghdad	Destination	the surrounding areas	Destination	Fallujah	Origin	over the last few days	Time-Holds
Transport	If the Iraqis respond forcefully, the Army and Marine units could withdraw and await the 4th Mechanized Infantry Division, which will soon start moving north from Kuwait.	Movement	moving	4th Mechanized Infantry Division, which will soon start moving north from Kuwait	Artifact	Kuwait	Origin
Attack	No, it's so important -- you know this -- and I know it's fun and we love doing partisan Punch & Judy, but is there ever a time when we stand up even if we respectfully disagree with the commander in chief and those who would wage war.	Conflict	war	those who would wage war	Attacker
Transfer-Money	It has announced that it will forego the 9% on donations earmarked for tsunami relief and that 100% of these funds will go directly toward aid.	Transaction	donations	it	Recipient
End-Position	One such activist is Mao Hengfeng, who was dismissed in 1988 from her job at a Shanghai soap factory after becoming pregnant a second time.	Personnel	dismissed	Shanghai	Place	a Shanghai soap factory	Entity	1988	Time-Within	her	Person
Attack	nothing, not even the fact that our countries became estranged in the war's aftermath, has ever dimmed our memory of the scale of your loss.	Conflict	war
Demonstrate	Bessam Al-Husaini here and it has been a very peaceful demonstration.	Conflict	demonstration
Transport	typical perfect day in san diego waiting for these men and women to come home.	Movement	come	these men and women	Artifact	these men and women	Artifact	home	Destination	day	Time-Within
Transfer-Ownership	The Maharashtra officials are either incompetent fools, or worse- malicious fraudsters who conned an international comapny into building a state-of-the-art power plant for them at a cost of billions of dollars, and then refused payment, knowing the company has no legal recourse except lengthy international arbitration, and will likely sell the plant to them for a fraction of its true value.	Transaction	sell	the plant	Artifact	the company	Seller	them	Buyer
Attack	we begin tonight talking about the way the justice system deals with those accused or suspected of terrorism, and we'll talk more about that in just a moment.	Conflict	terrorism	those accused or suspected of terrorism	Attacker
Die	People are interested to know how she's doing after having lost such a big part of her life, and this really was more what the interview was about.	Life	lost	such a big part of her life	Victim
Elect	ever, I usually try to stay out of the main party, because I think, and this last election showed that both are very brutal.	Personnel	election
Demonstrate	a senior kurdish intelligence official says citizens were protesting the american occupation of the city's main government building.	Conflict	protesting	the city	Place	citizens	Entity
Die	after all, it is a murder investigation.	Life	murder
Meet	After the Camp David talks, Blair, who analysts say has been pursuing a special relationship with Washington in order to restore Britain's traditional role as a transatlantic "bridge", was forced to readjust his tone.	Contact	talks	Camp David	Place
Marry	And actually I don't even think they were married that long, maybe a year or two.	Life	married	they	Person	maybe a year or two	Time-Holds
Transfer-Money	It is very legal, and an acceptable policy or practice in Canada to pay an honorarium or stipent for people on boards that are active.	Transaction	pay	Canada	Place	people on boards that are active	Recipient
Transport	they are going over there to do a mission they believe in and as we said, 250 left yesterday.	Movement	left	250	Artifact	there	Destination	yesterday	Time-Within
Sentence	She was sentenced to 1{ years in jail.	Justice	sentenced	She	Defendant	1{ years in jail	Sentence
End-Position	Will we have that at the Fed, when Greenspan leaves.	Personnel	leaves	Greenspan	Person	the Fed	Entity
Die	Clinton suffered greatly over the 19 Rangers that died, 18 on the 3rd of October and Matt Reersen (ph) three days later.	Life	died	the 19 Rangers that died	Victim	18 on the 3rd of October	Victim	Matt Reersen	Victim	the 3rd of October	Time-Within	three days later	Time-Within
Attack	Two weeks into the war, American commanders reported a string of successes  _  on the battlefield and within an Iraqi population initially reluctant about embracing invading troops.	Conflict	war	invading troops	Attacker	an Iraqi population initially reluctant about embracing invading troops	Place
End-Position	It seems that AD and frequent "No we didn't" Ohio State front man Andy Geiger is "retiring" after 11 years at the helm.	Personnel	retiring	Ohio State	Entity	AD and frequent "No we didn't" Ohio State front man Andy Geiger	Person	AD	Position	11 years	Time-After
Start-Org	Meanwhile, those collectors who left the National Carousel Association banded together to form the American Carousel Society (ACS), whose stated aims of carousel preservation also recognized collectors as a positive asset towards that goal.	Business	form	the American Carousel Society (ACS), whose stated aims of carousel preservation also recognized collectors as a positive asset towards that goal	Org	those collectors who left the National Carousel Association	Agent
Be-Born	So don't give up on the idea of a natural birth because last time was painful.	Life	birth
Elect	In addition, they are restricted from moving freely in their own country and/or their own city, would that not restricted their election related activities.	Personnel	election
Attack	two israeli helicopter air strikes against palestinian targets, hamas targets in gaza.	Conflict	strikes	israeli	Attacker	gaza	Place	palestinian targets	Target	hamas targets in gaza	Target	helicopter	Instrument
Meet	the se kre held a closed door meeting on the settlement over conflict of interest in stock research.	Contact	meeting	the se kre	Entity
Transfer-Money	A board member, while on the board, is supposed to be representing the interests of the USCF, not feathering his/her nest, in the present or in the future.	Transaction	feathering	his	Recipient	A board member	Giver	the present	Time-Holds	the future	Time-Holds	her	Recipient
Transfer-Ownership	It turns out the anonymous company, BaikalFinansGroup, shares an address with OOO Tverneftemash, which was recently bought by ZAO Gazpromgeocomservice, not to ever be confused by the similarly-named Gazprom (which by the way has a similar logo.	Transaction	bought	ZAO Gazpromgeocomservice, not to ever be confused by the similarly-named Gazprom (which by the way has a similar logo	Buyer	recently	Time-Within	which	Artifact
Charge-Indict	the charges related to her sale of imclone stock.	Justice	charges	her	Defendant	her sale of imclone stock	Crime
Meet	For months, North Korea has insisted on direct talks with the United States to negotiate a nonaggression treaty.	Contact	talks	North Korea	Entity	the United States	Entity
Transport	When I get home, I don't want to see a camera.	Movement	get	I	Artifact	home	Destination
Die	He said Sharif drowned.	Life	drowned	Sharif	Victim
Meet	the president called that meeting helpful and said the disagreement between the united states and france over iraq does not mean the two countries have to be disagreeable.	Contact	meeting	france	Place	the president	Entity
Die	Currently, if one's life is threatened he/she must make sure it is impossible to escape before using deadly force on an attacker.	Life	deadly	an attacker	Victim	he/she	Agent
Attack	officials report that the plane was apparently down with a surface to air missile.	Conflict	down	the plane	Target	a surface to air missile	Instrument
Attack	War may sometimes be a necessary thing, but it can never be a natural thing.	Conflict	War
End-Position	But if Arafat hadn't been I don't know if he's -- directly -- been linked to Hamas' acts,  uh,  but he was put in a -- pretty -- sticky situation having to negotiate -- the militants of -- Palestine -- the international leaders -- and if it if Hara- Arafat hadn't -- somehow appeased -- the Hamas groups or the Palestinian militants,  then -- he would've been kicked out,  overthrown -- by- -- by the Palestinians.	Personnel	overthrown	he	Person	Palestinian	Entity
Transport	I'm ready to come home.	Movement	come	I	Artifact	home	Destination
Attack	After Sept. 11, 2001, Indonesia was quick to sign onto U.S. President George W. Bush's global war on terror.	Conflict	war	U.S. President George W. Bush	Attacker	Sept. 11, 2001	Time-Starting
Attack	sounds like some heavy war rhetoric to me.	Conflict	war
Transport	u.s. forces moving in on the airports at saddam hussein international airport, 12 miles west of the city's center.	Movement	moving	u.s. forces	Artifact	the airports at saddam hussein international airport, 12 miles west of the city's center	Destination
Charge-Indict	federal prosecutors notified the former employees that they could face charges as early as this week.	Justice	charges	they	Defendant	federal prosecutors	Prosecutor	as early as this week	Time-Within
Elect	Who do you think should run for President/Vice President in 2008, and why.	Personnel	run	Who	Person	President	Position	Vice President	Position	2008	Time-Within
Meet	even though neither of the women have ever met the flight attendants, they say they'll never forget their act of kindness.	Contact	met	neither of the women	Entity	the flight attendants	Entity
End-Position	coalition forces also said saddam hussein's former oil minister has surrendered.	Personnel	former	saddam hussein's former oil minister	Person	oil minister	Position
Transfer-Money	If your organization is a charity, it is generally considered to be inappropriate, and in some jurisdictions, it is illegal to compensate board members for their service.	Transaction	compensate	a charity	Giver	board members	Recipient
Attack	Now, the reason that France, Russia and Germany are against war is because they have democracies.	Conflict	war
Elect	The problem with this election is that no matter what happens the results are going to be tainted and questionable.	Personnel	election
Injure	It was not known whether he was hurt at the time.	Life	hurt	he	Victim
Transfer-Money	the gloved one claims the label has been releasing new albums and jackson five merchandise without giving him "a single dollar.	Transaction	giving	the label	Giver	a single dollar	Money	the gloved one	Recipient
Attack	police captured the 17-year-old hijacking suspect without firing a shot.	Conflict	shot	the 17-year-old hijacking suspect	Target	police	Attacker
Attack	over at the pentagon, the military leaders say that troops are ready to fight right now even as they await word of the president's order, but there is major opposition today.	Conflict	fight	the military leaders	Attacker	now	Time-Within
Attack	no major explosions we're aware of, but just, apparently, in the last few moments, there has been activity.	Conflict	explosions
Pardon	But after spending 40 days in prison, Jordan's King Abdullah II pardoned the former legislator known for her harsh criticism of the state.	Justice	pardoned	the former legislator known for her harsh criticism of the state	Defendant	Jordan	Place	Jordan's King Abdullah II	Adjudicator	40 days	Time-At-End
End-Position	in a statement, she says she's stepping aside in the best interest of the company, but she will stay on the board of directors.	Personnel	stepping aside	she	Person	the company	Entity
Attack	For weeks, North Korea has claimed that the United States plans to attack it after Iraq.	Conflict	attack	the United States	Attacker
Nominate	I nominate John K. for Virginia's first poet laureate.	Personnel	nominate	John K	Person	I	Agent	Virginia's first poet laureate	Position
Attack	These dramatic pictures show a raid on a presidential palace less than 60 miles from Baghdad.	Conflict	raid	Baghdad	Place	a presidential palace less than 60 miles from Baghdad	Target
Transport	They just can't pack up and leave.	Movement	leave	They	Agent
Attack	But American troops and their superior technology have turned out to be a key factor in the fighting there.	Conflict	fighting	there	Place
Attack	Procedural improvements such as specific flight crew training, altering air traffic procedures to minimize exposure to the threat, and improved security near airports may be less costly than countermeasures and could more immediately help deter domestic terrorist attacks.	Conflict	attacks	domestic terrorist	Attacker
Attack	Officials did not say whether the plane was shot down or crashed accidentally.	Conflict	shot down	the plane	Target
Start-Position	That means no team would own any player, and the owners would be free to sign whomever they'd like using the "fiscal restraint" they all droned on and on about all year.	Personnel	sign	whomever they'd like	Person
Die	God bless you, Mark Wilson, 52, a true patriot who died today trying to stop this despicable maniac.	Life	died	who	Victim	this despicable maniac	Agent	today	Time-Within
Phone-Write	I have contacted the UACC and told them about it so they can check the auctions (she's been doing this a long time) and to tell me if she's actually a registered member.	Contact	contacted	I	Entity	the UACC	Entity
Transfer-Ownership	As part of the 11-billion-dollar sale of USA Interactive's film and television operations to the French media company in December 2001, USA Interactive received 2.5 billion dollars in preferred shares in Vivendi Universal Entertainment.	Transaction	sale	USA Interactive's film and television operations	Artifact	USA Interactive	Seller	11-billion-dollar	Price	the French media company	Buyer	December 2001	Time-Within
Meet	At another closed-door council meeting later Tuesday, the council was to hear from Benon Sevan, head of the U.N. oil-for-food program, which had been providing food for 60 percent of Iraq's 24 million people.	Contact	meeting	the council	Entity	later Tuesday	Time-Within
Attack	To put it simply (for your benefit): Lincoln spoke *of* God, demonstrating the irony of a war fought between people with more similarities (their religious beliefs among them) than differences.	Conflict	war	people with more similarities (their religious beliefs among them) than differences	Attacker	people with more similarities (their religious beliefs among them) than differences	Target
Merge-Org	Now, I know there have been succesful companies that dealt with crooks (Warner Communications, which started as a merger between business in the three most mob-influenced industries around, comes to mind), but it's a gamble and not a business strategy.	Business	merger	Warner Communications, which started as a merger between business in the three most mob-influenced industries around	Org	the three most mob-influenced industries around	Org
Sue	Believe it or not there are companies that go over the line and need to be hit with a stick called a law suit.	Justice	suit	companies that go over the line and need to be hit with a stick called a law suit	Defendant
Transport	It's not like you just go and eat dinner a couple of hours and go home.	Movement	go	you	Artifact	home	Destination	a couple of hours	Time-At-End
Phone-Write	You can bet they are figuring out who they should have call next time.	Contact	call	who they should have call next time	Entity	they	Entity
Elect	It was a very brutal election.	Personnel	election
Declare-Bankruptcy	shares of american airlines are falling sharply for the second straight day on the fears that the company might be forced to file for bankruptcy.	Business	bankruptcy	the company	Org
Meet	The proposed draft resolution would probably face resistance from other U.N. Security Council members who have favored a U.N.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish Afghanistan's post-Taliban government.	Contact	conference	other U.N. Security Council members who have favored a U.N.-convened conference of the kind that helped establish Afghanistan's post-Taliban government	Entity
Die	But let's talk about this case, as I'm sure discussions have started and many want stronger gun control because of this freak incident.	Life	incident
Phone-Write	along with the picture, the flight attendant wrote a letter saying she was prague for jack's safe return.	Contact	letter	the flight attendant	Entity
Release-Parole	negotiators say he demanded the release of four prisoners, including ramzi binalshibh, a september 11th suspect apprehended last year in pakistan.	Justice	release	ramzi binalshibh	Person	negotiators	Entity
Die	The submarine was on an exercise when the accident occurred, and ``because of a mechanical malfunction, the 70 crew members on board died,'' the Xinhua report said.	Life	died	the 70 crew members on board	Victim
Charge-Indict	the celebrity indicted on charges stemming from the sale of imclone stock.	Justice	indicted	the celebrity	Defendant	charges stemming from the sale of imclone stock	Crime
Transport	mark and denise are going to china to pick up a baby girl.	Movement	going	mark	Artifact	denise	Artifact	china	Destination
Attack	And if if if I don't think the rest of the country knows that, because they don't know what he did before nine eleven, because they don't pay any attention.	Conflict	nine eleven	nine eleven	Time-Within
Attack	Yet, analysts argued, both Britain and the United States hope their agreed vision of a postwar scenario will placate anti-war nations such as France, Germany and Russia.	Conflict	war
Charge-Indict	they're facing misdemeanor charges.	Justice	charges	they	Defendant	misdemeanor	Crime
Meet	And my question is, after today's meeting in Paris, where France, Russia and Germany decided to not back a second resolution, who is not (UNINTELLIGIBLE)? Is it the U.S. or is it old Europe.	Contact	meeting	Paris	Place	France	Entity	Russia	Entity	Germany	Entity	today	Time-Within
Attack	Several police officers were treated for the effects of gas after the ensuing clashes -- a result, police said, of the demonstrators using self-defence devices.	Conflict	clashes	the demonstrators	Attacker	Several police officers	Target	self-defence devices	Instrument
Die	34-year-old british journalist james miller died on the scene after israeli soldiers come to his aid, the israeli defense sources says.	Life	died	34-year-old british journalist james miller	Victim
Transfer-Money	Schrenko stole 20 times what Martha Stewart did, and I bet she won't see the wrong side of a jail cell door, and that's sad.	Transaction	stole	Schrenko	Recipient
Transport	Leave Niagara Falls and drive to Red Bank, NY - 435 miles.	Movement	Leave	Red Bank, NY	Destination	Niagara Falls	Origin
Meet	Weldon said at a news conference in Seoul that North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Kim Kye Gwan repeated that claim during a dinner meeting.	Contact	meeting	Weldon	Entity	North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Kim Kye Gwan	Entity
Attack	The group is also claiming that Islamic Jihad militants are already inside Iraq to carry out attacks against U.S. and British forces.	Conflict	attacks	Islamic Jihad militants	Attacker	Iraq	Place	U.S. and British forces	Target
Attack	These people have been without food or water supplies since the war began.	Conflict	war
Attack	Huge explosions were heard in different parts of Baghdad and air raid siren sounded throughout the capital city, they said, adding that Iraqi anti-aircraft artillery had begun to fire back.	Conflict	fire	Iraqi	Attacker	Iraqi anti-aircraft artillery	Instrument
Attack	These are soldiers of the U.S. 3rd Infantry, fighting near Karbala, southwest of Baghdad.	Conflict	fighting	soldiers of the U.S. 3rd Infantry, fighting near Karbala, southwest of Baghdad	Attacker	Karbala	Place
Transport	Throughout the day, as the U.S. Army 7th Cavalry punched northward in the general direction of Baghdad, we have seen huge convoys of supply troops moving ever northward.	Movement	punched	the U.S. Army 7th Cavalry	Artifact	Baghdad	Destination	the day	Time-Holds
End-Org	that is, until silver cross went out of business last year.	Business	out	silver cross	Org	last year	Time-Within
Attack	Of course, you're on an adrenaline high, but racing across the desert, you know that you're traveling toward the jaws of what could be a major military battle.	Conflict	battle
Attack	I believe he -- -- in my opinion he- he was a good leader -- and, um,  I believe what,  eh, has to be done -- right now is to ((apply)) -- the United Nations', uh,  decisions about the conflict between Arab and Israel because there is -- -- there are a lot of,  uh, decisions have been made -- have been made -- and this, uh- For example, one of them was, uh, decision number two forty-two -- and this was about -- the ha- establishing two- two countries,  one for Israel and another one for Palestine.	Conflict	conflict	Arab	Attacker	Israel	Attacker
Transport	They were then able to advance far north of that city and, as we speak, U.S. commanders tell me that elements of the 3rd Infantry Division are now literally just a few miles from Baghdad.	Movement	advance	elements of the 3rd Infantry Division	Artifact	that city	Origin	Baghdad	Destination
Attack	but the land is home to other natural gems being fought over.	Conflict	fought	the land	Place
Sue	If you are interested in getting information about securities class actions for a company, you should check out the Stanford Law School's Securities Class Action Clearinghouse.	Justice	actions	a company	Defendant
Movement	The airdrop  _	one of the biggest paratroop drops in decades  _ was a dramatic entry for ground troops into a region where only small groups of U.S. special forces have been operating.	Transport	airdrop	ground troops	Artifact	a region
Attack	Coalition airstrikes have been hitting Iraqi military forces and other strategic targets in the north.	Conflict	airstrikes	Iraqi military forces	Target	Coalition	Attacker	the north	Place
Attack	The shocking level of destruction prompted U.S. lawmakers to expand the ban to cover almost all military ties with Indonesia.	Conflict	destruction	Indonesia	Attacker
Die	While the media use words like "military style," "assault" and "semiautomatic," the gun used in the slayings was not unlike a typical hunting rifle.	Life	slayings	the gun used in the slayings	Instrument
Elect	Do you think the elections are going to happen.	Personnel	elections
Transport	In fact, we just got back from Disney World,  you know, about an hour ago and they're down there and they're but they're both, uh.	Movement	got back	we	Artifact	Disney World	Origin	about an hour ago	Time-Within
Die	Amnesty opposes the death penalty for any crime.	Life	death
Arrest-Jail	Earlier this week, security police detained the Monitor's managing editor, Nhial Bol, for 24 hours.	Justice	detained	the Monitor's managing editor	Person	security police	Agent	Earlier this week	Time-Within	24 hours	Time-Holds
Declare-Bankruptcy	I think, though, that any transaction after the bankruptcy filing date is part of his new life.	Business	bankruptcy
Die	a man on a motorcycle was killed while being chased about i police, the violence broke out.	Life	killed	a man on a motorcycle	Victim
Die	u.s. officials say they aren't sure whether the iraqi president is still alive.	Life	alive	the iraqi president	Victim
Meet	Rumsfeld also met Friday with King Abdullah of Jordan, an American ally in the Middle East.	Contact	met	Rumsfeld	Entity	King Abdullah of Jordan	Entity	Friday	Time-Within
End-Position	carty is out as ceo of amr, the parent of american, the world's largest airline.	Personnel	out	carty	Person	amr	Entity	ceo of amr, the parent of american, the world's largest airline	Position
Attack	It was a painful and bloody mistake.	Conflict	It
Transfer-Money	The world's most powerful fine art auction houses, Sotheby's and Christie's, have agreed to pay 40 million dollars to settle an international price-fixing scam, Sotheby's said.	Transaction	pay	The world's most powerful fine art auction houses	Giver	Sotheby's	Giver	Christie's	Giver	40 million dollars	Money
Trial-Hearing	For some reason, I can't recall if selling drugs to minors qualifies as a jury trial or what.	Justice	trial	jury	Adjudicator	selling drugs to minors	Crime
Die	I'm not sure about this disagreement you are speaking of between her version and the doctors version of his cause of death.	Life	death	his	Victim
Meet	he spent time with this guy and there was stockholm syndrome, he ended up liking the guy.	Contact	spent	he	Entity	this guy	Entity
Transport	So we could raise raise money, so we could take them to Great Adventure.	Movement	take	them	Artifact	we	Agent	Great Adventure	Destination
Transport	The answer to that could well decide how quickly they make a final push into the city.	Movement	push	they	Artifact	the city	Destination
Transfer-Money	French authorities are investigating transfers of $15 million from Swiss banks to Paris accounts in Suha's name at the Arab Bank and at BNP Paribas Bank, a French bank, TIME reports.	Transaction	transfers	Suha	Beneficiary	$15 million	Money	Swiss	Place	Paris	Place
Transport	Then the orderly was apparently rude to him, and that's when he got up and decided to come home.	Movement	come	he	Artifact	home	Destination
Charge-Indict	I want to know where the Federal criminal charges against all parties involved are.	Justice	charges	all parties involved	Defendant
Transport	an airport in key west, florida, today became the setting of what appeared to be a desperate attempt to enter the u.s. by a cuban national.	Movement	enter	a cuban national	Artifact	the u.s	Destination	today	Time-Within
Transport	The speed as they push to Baghdad seems to have gathered pace overnight and in the course of this morning.	Movement	push	Baghdad	Destination	they	Artifact
Meet	the two met, michelle and david in flight school.	Contact	met	the two	Entity
Charge-Indict	our enron corporate america score board sets 50 executives now charged in america.	Justice	charged	50 executives	Defendant	america	Place
Transport	first time for russian head of state to visit britain.	Movement	visit	russian head of state	Artifact	britain	Destination
Be-Born	unfortunately he missed it, but through e-mails, pictures, he actually seen him grow, so it turned out to be okay.	Life	it
End-Org	And Bremer decided to destroy the existing Iraqi army, leaving it up to us and new recruits to try to impose order.	Business	destroy	the existing Iraqi army	Org
Trial-Hearing	You know, we're close to the trial so of course it's going to be in the newspaper every single day.	Justice	trial
Phone-Write	Also, you can call someone to come pick you up when you leave, or call a taxi I guess.	Contact	call	you	Entity	someone	Entity
Attack	But here in Washington, President Bush says it's all a hoax, and many believe he has already made up his mind to go to war.	Conflict	war
Attack	I think that it was a front -- for him to allow to to be accepted in an international community, but I think -- that his ultimate plans and goals were to to run the Israelis out -- maybe closer to the Gaza strip, and to re-take Jerusalem -- and other cities near Jerusalem,  and to, uh, uplift his people in a way that -- they could say, you know, we conquered the Israelis.	Conflict	conquered	we	Attacker	Jerusalem	Place	other cities near Jerusalem	Place	the Israelis	Target
Attack	The ambassador had vehemently defended his country for months as the United States and its allies sought U.N. backing for war on Iraq.	Conflict	war	Iraq	Place
Trial-Hearing	a pair of laci peterson's missing shoes could be very important evidence in scott's murder trial.	Justice	trial	scott	Defendant	murder	Crime
Charge-Indict	after pleading not guilty to a laundry list of charges brought by the justice department and the sec, insider trading, obstruction of justice, conspiracy to hide what they say is an illegal stock sale, we're talking about 4,000 shares of stock that netted her about $225,000.	Justice	charges	her	Defendant	the justice department	Prosecutor	the sec	Prosecutor	insider trading	Crime	obstruction of justice	Crime	conspiracy to hide what they say is an illegal stock sale	Crime
Marry	The bride was still visible later into the evening still wearing her wedding gown on the Lido Deck.	Life	wedding	The bride	Person
Attack	164 days after the expiration of the federal "assault weapons" ban some lunatic opened fire with an AK-47 outside a Texas courthouse.	Conflict	fire	some lunatic	Attacker	a Texas courthouse	Place	an AK-47	Instrument	164 days after the expiration of the federal "assault weapons" ban	Time-Within
Meet	North Korea said the ``master key'' for successful talks was for the United States to drop its hostile policy toward Pyongyang.	Contact	talks
Transport	I have a sister in Ohio, she usually comes in.	Movement	comes	a sister in Ohio	Artifact	Ohio	Origin
Transport	He was sent to another hospital with a psych unit until his psychosis resolved.	Movement	sent	He	Artifact	another hospital with a psych unit	Destination
Injure	Medical evacuation workers however said the injured list was around 114, spread out at various hospitals.	Life	injured
Charge-Indict	The charges arose from letters-to-the-editor published last month that dealt with religion.	Justice	charges
Transfer-Ownership	Rumsfeld said the Army was sparing no expense or effort to acquire as many Humvees and other vehicles with extra armor as it can.	Transaction	acquire	as many Humvees and other vehicles with extra armor as it can	Artifact	as many Humvees and other vehicles with extra armor as it can	Artifact	the Army	Buyer
Attack	It happened outside the oil-rich city of Kirkuk.	Conflict	It	the oil-rich city of Kirkuk	Place
Transport	And, particularly, I have in mind the Iraqi National Congress that Mr. Chalabi, who was assisted by U.S. forces in getting back into Iraq.	Movement	back	who	Victim	U.S. forces	Agent	Iraq	Place
Attack	At the same time, the Marines from the 1st Division have secured a key Tigris River crossing near Al Kut and reported to have essentially destroyed the combat fighting ability of that light infantry Baghdad division that was supposed to be providing defense down there.	Conflict	fighting
End-Position	just like Iraq ye- eh, we try to go in and get peace and- and how long has it been and,  I mean, I think Saddam needed to be removed but it's- -- there's just -- s- all these people that are going to follow him no matter what.	Personnel	removed	Saddam	Person	Iraq	Place
Trial-Hearing	A total of 155 defendants stood trial during the three months of proceedings.	Justice	trial	155 defendants	Defendant	three months	Time-Holds
End-Position	former prosecutor and about the last person on the planet that you would ever call ablying liberal.	Personnel	former	former prosecutor	Person	prosecutor	Position
Marry	Giuliani regularly officiated at weddings while in office.	Life	weddings
Release-Parole	those favoring the rule say it gives convicts incentive to behave in prison and enables judges to release prisoners if new evidence comes to light.	Justice	release	prisoners	Person	judges	Entity
Attack	The sources said shots had been fired in the air when vehicles tried to skirt the roadblocks.	Conflict	shots
End-Position	He was asked to wait until after the LA meeting was over before resigning.	Personnel	resigning	He	Person
Fine	seven years in prison, actually more than seven years in prison, $4 million in fines and back taxes, a story we've been following here on cnn throughout the morning.	Justice	fines	$4 million	Money
Attack	experts say saddam hussein's forces will likely try to hold out in baghdad for as long as possible without using the weapons his government insists it does not have, hoping to build international pressure on the u.s. and britain to back down.	Conflict	using	the weapons his government insists it does not have	Instrument	saddam hussein's forces	Attacker	baghdad	Place
Die	Eighteen people are now reported dead.	Life	dead	Eighteen people	Victim
Die	The religion that is afraid of science dishonors God and commits suicide.	Life	suicide
Attack	He asked coalition representatives to address problems of security, electricity and water in Iraq and help rebuild destroyed and looted hospitals.	Conflict	destroyed	Iraq	Place	destroyed and looted hospitals	Target
Transport	officials say the pilot reported ice on the plane and planned to land in massachusetts when the plane left radar.	Movement	land	the plane	Vehicle	the pilot	Agent	massachusetts	Destination
Attack	Ben Wedeman describing coalition hits in the area where he is, the town of Kalak in northern Iraq.	Conflict	hits	coalition	Attacker
Divorce	Perhaps my exwife has more sympathy for what its like to be a guy on the receiving end of a divorce now?.	Life	divorce	a guy on the receiving end of a divorce	Person
Phone-Write	Did you know that one of the largest media companies in the country was in the business of bringing you "political public service messages.	Contact	messages	one of the largest media companies in the country	Entity	you	Entity
Sentence	Last April, the Shanghai public security bureau sentenced her to 18 months in a labor camp for campaigning against the one-child policy.	Justice	sentenced	the Shanghai public security bureau	Adjudicator	campaigning against the one-child policy	Crime	her	Defendant	18 months in a labor camp	Sentence	Last April	Time-Within
Phone-Write	But among the boats, guns, radar, sonar and communications, we found a secret weapon posted on the side of the tent that serves as the command center: letters from second-graders.	Contact	letters	second-graders	Entity
Sentence	the jury deliberated for three hour before returning a death sentence.	Justice	sentence	the jury	Adjudicator	death	Sentence
Transfer-Money	At SUNY Albany in NY, about as state school as you can get, we get about 500 less than what you're talking about at Pitt.	Transaction	get	SUNY Albany in NY	Giver	about 500 less than what you're talking about at Pitt	Money	we	Recipient
Transfer-Money	It would be funded in two payments of 10 million dollars each upon preliminary and final court approval.	Transaction	payments	10 million dollars	Money
Attack	Let's get the very latest from the Pentagon for the overall war picture as they see it.	Conflict	war
Die	If gun control worked, Washington, D.C., would be the beacon. However, it's the murder capital of the United States," he said.	Life	murder	the murder capital of the United States	Place
Attack	It denied authorization for the mission and told him that he should turn the information provided by the confidential witness over to the Rwandan government which was planning the genocide.	Conflict	genocide	the Rwandan government	Attacker
Die	Training is what keeps you running toward the front while trucks loaded with dead bodies pass you, going the other way.	Life	dead
End-Position	The removal of certain officials (most of them from Shi'ite Islamic parties such as Ibrahim Al-Ja'fari) from governmental positions.	Personnel	removal	certain officials (most of them from Shi'ite Islamic parties such as Ibrahim Al-Ja'fari	Person	governmental positions	Position
Attack	central command says it is investigating iraqi allegations that u.s. attacks are to blame for hundreds of civilians casualties in hillah.	Conflict	attacks	u.s	Attacker	iraqi	Place	hillah	Place	civilian	Target
Sue	used to be the king of pop. now you could call him the king of lawsuits.	Justice	lawsuits
Charge-Indict	56-year-old forry drake has been charged with interstate transport of a minor.	Justice	charged	56-year-old forry drake	Defendant	interstate transport of a minor	Crime
Elect	You have to start somewhere and this election is to get a legislative body to write a constitution for Iraq.	Personnel	election	Iraq	Place
Start-Position	Please take some time next week to welcome a new staff member for Landmark Education in Houston.	Personnel	new	Houston	Place	Landmark Education in Houston	Entity	staff member	Position	a new staff member for Landmark Education in Houston	Person
End-Position	Um -- like, uh -- well, it was -- Colin Powell was Secretary, was he Secretary of State.	Personnel	was	Colin Powell	Person	State	Entity
Arrest-Jail	House clearance Royal Marine style, troops from (UNINTELLIGIBLE) commando task to seek out the last pockets of Iraqi resistance in Umm Qasr go in hard to arrest suspected regime sympathizers and search for weapons.	Justice	arrest	suspected regime sympathizers	Person	Umm Qasr	Place	troops from (UNINTELLIGIBLE) commando	Agent
Transfer-Ownership	A U.S. military official in Seoul, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Tuesday North Korea is believed to have exported US$580 million worth of missiles to Iran, Pakistan, Libya, Syria, Egypt, Yemen and the United Arab Emirates in 2001.	Transaction	exported	missiles	Artifact	North Korea	Seller	US$580 million	Price	Iran	Buyer	Pakistan	Buyer	Libya	Buyer	Syria	Buyer	Egypt	Buyer	Yemen	Buyer	the United Arab Emirates	Buyer	2001	Time-Within
Release-Parole	If you get out on parole, what happens then, and how long does it last.	Justice	parole	you	Person
Attack	under a charter approved last year by the national conference of catholic bishops, diocese officials will report allegations of sexual abuse of a minor to public authorities.	Conflict	abuse	a minor	Target
Transfer-Money	Bechtel Corporation?s took control of the water system of Cochabamba, Bolivia's third-largest city in 2000 under a privatization program dictated by the IMF as a stipulation for loan payments to the bankrupt nation.	Transaction	loan	the bankrupt nation	Recipient	the IMF	Giver
Phone-Write	couriers delivered the letters to locations including africa, asia and the middle east.	Contact	delivered	africa	Place	asia	Place	the middle east	Place
End-Position	Kostelka, 52, was first deputy defense minister and an ex- general.	Personnel	was	Kostelka, 52	Person	first deputy defense minister	Position	an ex- general	Position
Meet	president bush is going to be meeting with several arab leaders.	Contact	meeting	president bush	Entity	several arab leaders	Entity
Charge-Indict	we have police officers looking for them and will prosecute anyone seen selling them or buying them.	Justice	prosecute	anyone	Defendant	we	Prosecutor	selling them or buying them	Crime
Transfer-Money	So they didn't discourage donations to them per se, just not for this specific area.	Transaction	donations	this specific area	Beneficiary	them	Recipient
Die	and the hmong sits and watch from the sideline while KIM II and BUSH jr. kill each other...Now wouldn;t that be a scene to view.	Life	kill	each other	Victim	KIM II	Agent	BUSH jr	Agent
Attack	more than 70 percent of americans say they are sad about the war.	Conflict	war
Meet	Amid talk of delaying or even shelving a US-British resolution giving Iraqi President Saddam Hussein until Monday to disarm or face war, oil prices in Asia pulled back, shares rose and the US dollar eased.	Contact	war	Monday	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	Okay, okay -- since the tobacco companies pay lots of money to the states, that's technically accurate.	Transaction	pay	the tobacco companies	Giver	the states	Recipient
Appeal	Speaking to reporters after the verdict, Anwar lambasted the judges, saying they had been ``preselected'' by the government to quash his appeal.	Justice	appeal	the judges	Adjudicator	Anwar	Plaintiff
Attack	Three waves of combat planes from the aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt hit ``ground troops, command and control bunkers, artillery positions and ... a surface to air missile battery,'' said Lt. John Oliveira, the ship's public affair officer.	Conflict	hit	ground troops	Target	command and control bunkers	Target	a surface to air missile battery	Target	combat planes from the aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt	Instrument
End-Position	i don't think dennis hastert plans to step down soon anyway.	Personnel	step down	dennis hastert	Person
Attack	The forces encountered limited resistance along the way and are now poised for the final assault not far from the edge of the city.	Conflict	assault	The forces	Attacker	the edge of the city	Place
Attack	but the strikes prove controversial.	Conflict	strikes
End-Position	How much of Peoplesoft's most valuable -- human -- resources will walk out the door the day their options vest.	Personnel	walk	Peoplesoft's most valuable -- human -- resources	Person	Peoplesoft	Entity
Transport	Thurmond's travel plans in South Carolina next month are rather fitting.	Movement	travel	Thurmond	Artifact	next month	Time-Within	South Carolina	Origin
Start-Position	In Paris, the French media group said parent company chairman Jean-Rene Fourtou will replace Diller as chairman and chief executive of US unit.	Personnel	replace	parent company chairman Jean-Rene Fourtou	Person	Paris	Place	US unit	Entity	chairman	Position	chief executive of US unit	Position
Transfer-Money	payoffs have been stable, adjusted for inflation, National Practitioners Databank.	Transaction	payoffs
Attack	I think that's why Al-Qaeda -- took down the the uh twin towers.	Conflict	took down	Al-Qaeda	Attacker	the uh twin towers	Target
Transfer-Money	Sotheby's said it would record the 20-million-dollar settlement as a special charge for 2002.	Transaction	settlement	Sotheby's	Giver	20-million-dollar	Money
Attack	america's top diplomat laid out the case for war.	Conflict	war
End-Org	It's a dying organization, and this will be just the jolt it needs for another couple decades of somnambulant staggering before being ultimately replaced by far more efficient companies.	Business	replaced	it	Org	another couple decades	Time-After
Die	it happened in the cafeteria of red lion area junior high school about 30 miles southeast of harrisburg.	Life	it	the cafeteria of red lion area junior high school about 30 miles southeast of harrisburg	Place
Transport	the pilot, whose name has not been released, was brought back to this base.	Movement	brought back	the pilot	Artifact	this base	Destination
Attack	aziz is a war criminal says ahmed.	Conflict	war
Elect	You are talking about physically restricted to vote at election day.	Personnel	election	election day	Time-Within
Elect	The US and Iraqi authorities, as well as the United Nations, have hailed the election as a "victory for democracy.	Personnel	election
End-Position	now palestinian leaders must vote on whether to september 24-member cabinet that mazen is presenting.	Personnel	september	24-member cabinet	Person
Elect	A national conference is planned to select the interim administration, perhaps within weeks, a senior U.S. official said on condition of anonymity.	Personnel	select	the interim administration	Entity	weeks	Time-Before
Transfer-Money	Well,  um, I would- I would have to start- -- I would have to start, generally, in stating- -- stating what I think is the problem and -- -with the Middle East and what- For me, one of the major problems is the fact that -- the -- United States government gives so much aid to the state of Israel.	Transaction	gives	the -- United States government	Giver	the state of Israel	Recipient
Attack	The US-led coalition forces launched a new round of airstrikes on Baghdad at 2:30 p.m. (1130GMT) on Monday.	Conflict	airstrikes	The US-led coalition forces	Attacker	Baghdad	Place	2:30 p.m. (1130GMT) on Monday	Time-Within
Attack	Lynch was rescued in a daring raid by U.S. forces on the Saddam hospital in Nasiriya.	Conflict	raid	U.S. forces	Attacker	Nasiriya	Place	the Saddam hospital in Nasiriya	Target
Attack	The war has thrown the future of that program in doubt.	Conflict	war
Die	Most had died from gunshot wounds to the head.	Life	died	Most	Victim
Die	The torpedoes might have leaked propellant that poisoned the crew, he said.	Life	poisoned	the crew	Victim
Sue	Actually, Troy Brennan, the same doctor at Harvard Public School of Health said the issue is not to fuel lawsuits, it's too many.	Justice	lawsuits
Attack	Bottom line, with less than half of the ground forces and two-thirds of the air assets used 12 years ago in Desert Storm, Secretary Rumsfeld and General Franks have achieved a far more difficult objective.	Conflict	Desert Storm	12 years ago	Time-Within
Sue	Since companies are going to be sued in class action, regardless of the merits of the case, the threat of a class action is not a detriment.	Justice	sued	companies	Defendant
Attack	soon after dawn on this fourth day, confirmation of the ship's first strike.	Conflict	strike	the ship	Instrument	soon after dawn on this fourth day	Time-Before
Attack	CNN's Wolf Blitzer reports according to an eyewitness, a bomb has hit central Baghdad only a few hundred meters from the Palestine Hotel.	Conflict	hit	central Baghdad	Place	a bomb	Instrument
Attack	According to a leaflet from the group obtained by CNN, the group says the attack was to show the union of Palestinians with the people of Iraq.	Conflict	attack	the group	Attacker
Die	the store's owner and the palestinian bomber were killed.	Life	killed	the palestinian bomber	Agent	the store	Place	the store's owner	Victim	the palestinian bomber	Victim
Elect	But the Association of Muslim Scholars says any government elected in the poll will not reflect the people's will.	Personnel	elected	any government elected in the poll	Entity
Attack	I mean, what happens if India decides that they could have a preemptive strike against Pakistan.	Conflict	strike	India	Attacker
Transport	A rocket holding the first of two Mars rovers blasted off Tuesday on a seven-month voyage to the red planet where the golf-cart-sized vehicles will search for evidence that there was once enough water to support life on Mars.	Movement	voyage	A rocket holding the first of two Mars rovers	Vehicle	the first of two Mars rovers	Artifact	the red planet where the golf-cart-sized vehicles will search for evidence that there was once enough water to support life on Mars	Destination	Tuesday	Time-Starting	seven-month	Time-Holds
Attack	The informant offered to help U.N. forces in raiding the government stockpiles to be used in the genocide campaign.	Conflict	genocide	the government stockpiles	Instrument
Attack	And because New York has such strict gun laws - meaning citizens are prohibited from concealing weapons - a gunner can use bag-toting shoppers as target practice because guns laws keep mall shoppers at his mercy.	Conflict	target practice	weapons	Instrument	a gunner	Attacker	New York	Place	bag-toting shoppers	Target
Attack	Yeah, and, um,  I only know about Yasser Arafat because I, um, study international affairs a little bit -- and I know -- a very little bit about him because, of course he was a, um, leader for a long time, longer than the age that I am -- old, so, but I- I- I- I've noticed -- on throughout my studies that -- what he represented to the public -- was -- what he represented to the international public -- was not what he was representing to his people -- and he was representing, um,  peace with the Israelis and he was representing trying to find ((the whites or)) divide the land so that it would be,  um, stop,  um,  uh, war and terrorists in the area.	Conflict	war	the area	Place
Transport	ejected landed in the desert south of baghdad and then he was rescued by u.s. army ground troops who were in the area.	Movement	landed	he	Artifact	the desert south of baghdad	Destination
Attack	And, currently, both have opposed the U.S.- led war on Iraq.	Conflict	war	U.S	Attacker
Attack	Recall Winston Churchill's old quote, "There's nothing so exhilarating as being shot at and missed.	Conflict	shot at
End-Position	she was in charge of the iraqi facility that weaponized anthrax.	Personnel	charge	she	Person	the iraqi facility that weaponized anthrax	Place
Attack	The result was that the information dried up and the genocide took place.	Conflict	genocide
End-Position	yeah, there's a little tension between the house majority leader, tom delay, and his successor as house majority whip and his former deputy, lloyd blunt, kind of came to light when "the washington post" had a front-page story showing disagreement on the provision, delay had it taken out.	Personnel	former	his former deputy	Person	deputy	Position
Transfer-Ownership	These problems multiplied when the New England chain Stop n' Shop acquired Giant.	Transaction	acquired	Giant	Artifact	the New England chain Stop n' Shop	Buyer
Phone-Write	And one group of sailors is getting letters from elementary school children in North Carolina.	Contact	letters	one group of sailors	Entity	elementary school children in North Carolina	Entity
Transport	Harrods is Harrods though, and most people go there to be blown away by the prices.	Movement	go	most people	Artifact	Harrods	Destination
End-Org	those kind of neat that the iraqis are taking pride in the fall of the regime and wanting to restore order themselves.	Business	fall	the regime	Org
Die	in all, 21 people were killed, not including the nine suspected bombers.	Life	killed	21 people	Victim	the nine suspected bombers	Victim	the nine suspected bombers	Agent
Attack	We should do all of those things, but the most important thing is we should not have the arrogance to have a preemptive strike against a defenseless nation without the.	Conflict	strike	we	Attacker
Meet	She made the statements after a meeting with the speaker of the Portuguese parliament, Joao Mota Amaral.	Contact	meeting	She	Entity	the speaker of the Portuguese parliament	Entity
Attack	Chris Matthews, that idiot talking head over at MSNBC, said yesterday about the terrorists we fought in Fallujah "a rival, I mean they're not bad guys especially, just people who just disagree with us"....this just amazes me, the complete idiocy of this waste of human sperm.	Conflict	fought	Fallujah	Place	the terrorists we fought in Fallujah	Target	we	Attacker
Phone-Write	And thank you very much to your students for all the support and the letters that they sent out to us.	Contact	letters	they	Entity	us	Entity
Attack	Certainly, our war plan was not modeled off of 1991.	Conflict	war
Attack	they all tell me, the soldiers you talk to and also some of the information people here at fort hood, they train like they fight.	Conflict	fight	they	Attacker
Attack	But this legislation says a person who is under attack in a public place "has no duty to retreat.	Conflict	attack	a public place	Place	who	Target
Elect	Of course, the Republicans would have thought the WA State election *was* perfect, had their candidate held the same 100 and some vote margin when all the smoke finally cleared.	Personnel	election	WA State	Place
Attack	new explosions rocking parts of baghdad tonight.	Conflict	explosions	baghdad	Place	parts of baghdad	Target	tonight	Time-Within
Be-Born	since her husband couldn't be there for alexis' birth.	Life	birth	alexis	Person
Elect	Lincoln won a plurality with about 40% of the vote.	Personnel	won	Lincoln	Person
Marry	Last month, she and her fiance  _  an old high school sweetheart  _  invited the press along as they went shopping for wedding bands, saying they are planning a wedding in the New York City area this summer.	Life	wedding	they	Person	this summer	Time-Within
Transport	the trip to georgia was just the first leg.	Movement	trip	georgia	Destination
Start-Org	but a toymaker and one man's dream have put the silver cross pram back on the stroller circuit.	Business	back	silver cross	Org	a toymaker	Agent	one man	Agent
Attack	his brother, uday, was very highly personal, arbitrary, spontaneous in his attacks, extended to young girls, to friends, to employees.	Conflict	attacks	his	Attacker	young girls	Target	friends	Target	employees	Target
Die	Well, if it's true and obviously we don't know just yet but if it's true, it is very significant because it's effectively the Iraqis admitting that many of the civilian casualties that we've seen over the last few days may in fact have been caused by Iraqi surface to air missiles falling back to ground in residential areas.	Life	casualties	Iraqi surface to air missiles	Instrument	civilian	Victim	the Iraqis	Agent	residential areas	Place	over the last few days	Time-Within
Attack	in this coalition, it ips the united states doing the overwhelming load of the fighting.	Conflict	fighting	the united states	Attacker
End-Position	but now there's been an awful lot of monday night quarterback quarterbacking taking place now that she's teped down.	Personnel	teped down	she	Person
Attack	Coming from the other direction, Jacksonville DB Donovin Darius unloaded chin high on Ferguson with a vicious clothesline.	Conflict	unloaded	Jacksonville DB Donovin Darius	Attacker	Ferguson	Target
Transport	the state department is ordering all non-essential diplomats and dependents out of the country.	Movement	out	all non-essential diplomats and dependents	Artifact	all non-essential diplomats and dependents	Artifact	the state department	Agent	the country	Origin
Attack	we see baghdad, a capitol under siege.	Conflict	siege	a capitol under siege	Place
Die	Likely only sanctions have killed more.	Life	killed	more	Victim
Attack	Can someone tell me why one of my friends or family members hasn't smacked me because of it.	Conflict	smacked	one of my friends or family members	Attacker	my friends or family members	Attacker	me	Target
Elect	twice before becoming president he was so sick, a priest was brought in to give him last rites.	Personnel	becoming	he	Person	president	Position
Attack	They also serve as a reminder that many of our colleagues covering this war are putting their lives on the line every day.	Conflict	war
Be-Born	If you don't have an institutional water birth available, have you considered just staying home.	Life	birth
Transport	it's going to have to make a trip up the coast.	Movement	trip	it	Vehicle	the coast	Destination	the coast	Origin
Start-Position	Silas is taking over a team that lost 65 games and will pin its future on the high school phenom LeBron James.	Personnel	taking over	Silas	Person	a team that lost 65 games and will pin its future on the high school phenom LeBron James	Entity
Marry	So, pretty much, uh,  um, n- m- We, uh, have- we have two adult children that have been married in the last two years,  and I'm just wondering just how long it's going to be that the- -- they're doing the, um, you know, his parents her parents,  uh, Christmas trips, but sounds like you've been doing that for a while.	Life	married	two adult children	Person	the last two years	Time-Within
Convict	And she's been convincted of obstruction of justice.	Justice	convincted	she	Defendant	obstruction of justice	Crime
Transfer-Money	Renowned UVA political scientist Larry Sabato this morning announced a $1,000,000 cash gift to the University of Virginia.	Transaction	gift	Renowned UVA political scientist Larry Sabato	Giver	$1,000,000	Money	the University of Virginia	Recipient
Trial-Hearing	He is being tried in Greece in absentia.	Justice	tried	He	Defendant	Greece	Place
Attack	And today's parts in this conflict, this kind of work becomes more and more important.	Conflict	conflict
Injure	And they say 4,000 injured.	Life	injured	4,000	Victim
Attack	Some of the toughest fighting could still be ahead.	Conflict	fighting
Attack	After briefing US senators on the war, Rumsfeld told reporters that the number of forces "has been increasing and it will continue to do so until it is finished.	Conflict	war	US	Attacker
Transport	I wouldn't have done that from LHR to the hotel, but since the concierge was arranging it, I felt that it'd be safe, and the driver turned out to be pretty nice.	Movement	that	I	Artifact	the hotel	Destination	LHR	Origin
Attack	central command says the iraqis shot down an a-10 tank killer today.	Conflict	shot down	the iraqis	Attacker	an a-10 tank killer	Target	today	Time-Within
Phone-Write	At 2:15 the next morning, I received a call from the night shift supervisor who told me my friend had been "verbally abusive and aggressive" and would I come over and talk to him.	Contact	call	I	Entity	the night shift supervisor who told me my friend had been "verbally abusive and aggressive" and would I come over and talk to him	Entity	2:15 the next morning	Time-Starting
Meet	Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld took part in a Q&A with the troops today that was anything but cozy.	Contact	Q&A	Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld	Entity	the troops	Entity	today	Time-Within
Attack	The situation on the Korean Peninsula is so tense that a war may break out any moment due to the U.S. moves,'' the KCNA statement said.	Conflict	war
Transport	It lets them skip some of the legal procedures she would otherwise be entitled to, in order to ship her from one state to another.	Movement	ship	her	Artifact	another	Destination	one state	Origin
Transport	but it wasn't -- like, ah, wasn't Bush, I definitely wouldn't send him, I don't think you want to have him in that part of the world right now.	Movement	send	him	Artifact	I	Agent	that part of the world	Destination
Transport	a little later we'll speak with her family and talk a closer look at the daring operation that produced her safe recovery, but first the push into baghdad.	Movement	push	baghdad	Destination
Transport	they came from the richmond marina as well as the urbuinano island, the coast guard station.	Movement	came	they	Artifact	the richmond marina	Origin	the urbuinano island	Origin	the coast guard station	Origin
Arrest-Jail	We've been playing warnings to people to stay in their houses, and we've only lifted those people we've got very good intelligence on.	Justice	lifted	those people we've got very good intelligence on	Person	we	Agent
Sue	jonathan lowe is an attorney with the brady center to prevent gun violence who filed the suit on behalf of johnson and other victims' families.	Justice	suit	johnson	Plaintiff	other victims' families	Plaintiff
Declare-Bankruptcy	despite operating under bankruptcy laws, united posted the best on time performance.	Business	bankruptcy	united	Org
Attack	We're going to kind of play it and stop it, and Kelly's going to walk us through, I guess, Urban Combat 101.	Conflict	Combat
Convict	the idea is if you have three felony convictions, you're out of here.	Justice	convictions	you	Defendant	felony	Crime
Convict	A three-judge panel of the Court of Appeals unanimously upheld a verdict by High Court Judge Arifin Jaka nearly three years ago that found Anwar guilty of sodomizing his wife's former driver.	Justice	verdict	the Court of Appeals	Adjudicator	sodomizing his wife's former driver	Crime	nearly three years ago	Time-At-Beginning
Attack	If the israelis wanted to kill Arafat, I think they'd have better ways.	Conflict	kill	the israelis	Attacker	Arafat	Target
Attack	He he seems like a guy who is much more comfortable -- being under siege than in negotiating peace settlements.	Conflict	siege	who	Target
Transport	Most of the Adnan Division of the Republican Guard relocated from the Mosul area to the Tikrit area shortly before the war began.	Movement	relocated	the Tikrit area	Destination	the Mosul area	Origin	Most of the Adnan Division of the Republican Guard	Artifact
Elect	do you think the elections are going to happen.	Personnel	elections
Marry	This was the largest wedding gathering I have ever seen on board... maybe someone had connections.	Life	wedding
Attack	Of course, at the same time, though, the White House worries that the American people might see these pictures and think the war is over.	Conflict	war
Sue	Yesterday's bad day for Krispy Kreme included some speculation that the new securities lawsuit filed against the company would be granted class action status.	Justice	lawsuit	the company	Defendant
Transport	I'm reminded of when I lived in another state and the local cop charged the town drunk in his driveway after following him home from the pub.	Movement	following	the local cop	Artifact	the town drunk	Artifact	home	Destination	the pub	Origin
Meet	well, security is tight as exxon mobil shareholders meet today in dallas.	Contact	meet	dallas	Place	exxon mobil shareholders	Entity	today	Time-Within
Meet	The Virginia Economic Developers Association has not taken a stance on the bill, but the organization's leadership is expected to meet tomorrow to discuss it.	Contact	meet	the organization's leadership	Entity	tomorrow	Time-Within
Transport	I will return this piece of shit on Friday, only to rent another vehicle Monday morning while we take the wife's car to the shop to get her 1400 bucks worth of damage repaired.	Movement	take	the wife's car	Artifact	we	Agent	Monday morning	Time-Within
Die	services and tributes for two political figures who died this week.	Life	died	who	Victim	this week	Time-Within
Marry	If my exwife doesn't dump B, maybe they'll wind up staying together, maybe even getting married.	Life	married	they	Person
Die	The murder in November of Theo van Gogh, a provocative Dutch filmmaker, at the hands of an Islamic militant has been called Europe's 9/11.	Life	murder	Theo van Gogh	Victim	an Islamic militant	Agent	November	Time-Within
Meet	The six are now working on a paper and we will see the outcome of that consultation, maybe tomorrow (Friday)" Jean-Marc de La Sabliere told reporters.	Contact	consultation	The six	Entity
End-Position	for some perspective, let's turn to miles o'brien with retired air force general don shepperd.	Personnel	retired	retired air force general don shepperd	Person	air force	Entity	general	Position
Attack	Leadership can be less rigidly defined and is concerned less with coordination than motivation and how a commander seeks to inspire his men to fight harder and endure worse privations in order to beat the enemy.	Conflict	fight	his men	Attacker
End-Position	Both are considered possible successors, but the board won't know Greenberg's preference until his departure, when it opens a sealed letter.	Personnel	departure	his	Person
Attack	Now, this is a rural setting, but this could be applied to urban combat, yes.	Conflict	combat
Die	in kansas, authorities say seven people were killed when tornadoes cut across the southeastern part of the state.	Life	killed	seven people	Victim	kansas	Place
End-Org	In it was a blurb reporting that the American Carousel Society had recently disbanded.	Business	disbanded	the American Carousel Society	Org
Transport	Wilson, an airplane mechanic whose unit, the 278th Regimental Combat Team of the Tennessee Army National Guard, is about to drive north into Iraq for a one-year tour of duty, put his finger on a problem that has bedeviled the Pentagon for more than a year.	Movement	drive	Wilson	Artifact	Iraq	Destination	one-year	Time-At-Beginning
Meet	are you optimistic that president bush is actually going to, at this time, take the steps and say what has to be said to remove the skepticism that the arab leaders are bringing to the summit.	Contact	summit	president bush	Entity	the arab leaders	Entity
Transfer-Ownership	The United States quickly became the Southeast Asian country's main weapons supplier, and annual arms sales peaked at US$400 million in the 1980s.	Transaction	sales	arms	Artifact	The United States	Seller	$400 million	Price	the Southeast Asian country	Buyer	the 1980s	Time-Within
Transport	Iraqis who initially were cautious when U.S. forces arrived in Najaf ended cheering them on, shaking their hands and patting their backs.	Movement	arrived	U.S. forces	Artifact	Najaf	Destination
Trial-Hearing	but -- ((but I'd love to have his hair)) something just came off the ~TV about the Scott trial.	Justice	trial
Transport	those pilots were captured on march 24th, after their apache helicopter went down in iraqi territory.	Movement	went down	their apache helicopter	Vehicle	those pilots	Artifact	iraqi territory	Destination	march 24th	Time-Within
Attack	The gunman began shooting inside the Hudson Valley Mall shortly after 3 p.m. in Kingston, nearly 90 miles north of New York City.	Conflict	shooting	The gunman	Attacker	Kingston, nearly 90 miles north of New York City	Place	shortly after 3 p.m.	Time-Starting
Attack	I think it's unwise, it's unjust, it's unwarranted, but I don't think it's about oil.	Conflict	it
Attack	maybe before the weapon and then later he said, oh, i should have got the nuclear weapon before i invaded.	Conflict	invaded	i	Attacker
Attack	I'd say my overall opinion is that -- this conflict is way past that time.	Conflict	conflict
Meet	Ri Gun, deputy director of American affairs for North Korea's Foreign Ministry is representing North Korea at the talks.	Contact	talks	Ri Gun	Entity
Die	Not, you know, not murder and, oh, I mean, I don't know.	Life	murder
Attack	Simply that its combat effectiveness has been eliminated - Judy.	Conflict	combat	its	Attacker
Attack	after the journalists shout, another gunshot.	Conflict	gunshot
Transfer-Money	aol time warnerings our corporate parent, will get $750 million from microsoft.	Transaction	get	microsoft	Giver	$750 million	Money	aol time warner	Recipient
Attack	he was called comic albuquerque i or baghdad bob during the war in iraq when he keptic sifting things were going badly for the u.s. and great for saddam hussein.	Conflict	war	iraq	Place
Trial-Hearing	The Sandiganbayan Special Division Friday reset for June 16 the resumption of Estrada's plunder case hearing, which was originally scheduled for June 2.	Justice	hearing	Estrada	Defendant	plunder	Crime	June 16	Time-Starting
Die	We got to see a lot in a short time, including extended tours of Westminster (felt kind of strange walking over dead people) and the Tower of London (neat.	Life	dead	dead people	Victim
Die	three reuters journalist were killed.	Life	killed	three reuters journalist	Victim
Attack	There was the free press in Qatar, al Jeezera but its' offices in Kabul and Baghdad were bombed by Americans.	Conflict	bombed	Americans	Attacker	Kabul	Place	Baghdad	Place	its' offices in Kabul and Baghdad	Target
End-Org	he was a segrationist who once closed a restaurant he owned rather han serve african-americans.	Business	closed	a restaurant he owned	Org
Attack	Perhaps by route of Thailand, if LPDR does not cooperate, the US will incite insurrection in the southern provinces of China.	Conflict	insurrection	the southern provinces of China	Place
Transport	we anticipate in a matter of moments, the secretary of defense, donald rumsfeld, to arrive inside of this hangar and we'll carry his speech live when that gets underway.	Movement	arrive	donald rumsfeld	Artifact	this hangar	Destination
Attack	Well, I I'm a New Yorker, and I got to tell you that I I think nine eleven I I think -- basically made him.	Conflict	nine eleven	nine eleven	Time-Within
Transport	On the fourth day of his stay, he was moved out of the ICU to the step-down unit, with a diagnosis of "ICU Psychosis secondary to narcotic administration" and post thoracostomy.	Movement	moved	he	Artifact	the step-down unit	Destination	the ICU	Origin	the fourth day of his stay	Time-Within
Phone-Write	we read all of your e-mail.	Contact	e-mail	we	Entity	your	Entity
Start-Position	The rich hire private security for a reason--public security is often inadequate.	Personnel	hire	The rich	Person	public security	Entity
Marry	His successor, Mayor Michael Bloomberg, will perform the ceremony.	Life	ceremony
Attack	Throughout the day, we have watched the 3rd Infantry Division bring in prisoners of war.	Conflict	war
Trial-Hearing	Um,  uh, Scott Peterson trial.	Justice	trial
Die	Oh, but the mistress had nothing to do with the murder.	Life	murder
Transport	International stability forces will be sent to Iraq as soon as possible, the U.S. official said, though it was unclear when that would be.	Movement	sent	Iraq	Destination
Attack	When we come back, one of the many sad aspects of this war, humanitarian aid rushed to people who need it but not everybody gets what they came for.	Conflict	war
Elect	PSD is building a strategy for the 4 years to come and they are going to elect a leader.	Personnel	elect	a leader	Person	PSD	Entity	the 4 years to come	Time-Within
Convict	The court convicted the paper of violating article 25 of the Press Law, which prohibits the publication of material that defames religion or incites religiously unacceptable activity.	Justice	convicted	The court	Adjudicator	violating article 25 of the Press Law	Crime	the paper	Defendant
Meet	North Korea should not leave the meetings having the slightest impression that they might force us to make a concession we would not otherwise make,'' he added.	Contact	meetings	North Korea	Entity
Attack	There's a slow-and-steady battle going on here for control of the key bridge.	Conflict	battle	here	Place
Merge-Org	I'll have to stick with condemning the merger as a totally unworkable deal between two sides who absolutely hate each other.	Business	merger	two sides who absolutely hate each other	Org
Phone-Write	the national security advisor fanning out, we're told in phone calls to more than three dozen world leaders offering them an update on what is going on.	Contact	phone	the national security advisor	Entity	more than three dozen world leaders	Entity
Die	The space agency has been under intense scrutiny since February when the space shuttle Columbia disintegrated over Texas, killing all seven crew members.	Life	killing	all seven crew members	Victim	Texas	Place	February	Time-Within
Attack	A resolution giving him authority to run the program for 45 days is stalled because Russia, Syria and others are insisting the United Nations must not sanction the war or give the United States control over the U.N.-controlled account, which holds billions of dollars.	Conflict	war
Meet	I visited all their families.	Contact	visited	I	Entity	all their families	Entity
Phone-Write	I just talked to somebody from ~LA a couple days ago about that on the -- survey line.	Contact	talked	I	Entity	somebody from ~LA	Entity	a couple days ago	Time-Within
Conflict	The country's parliament voted this month to allow U.S.-led coalition forces to use Italian air space and military bases	_  but not for directs attacks on Iraq.	Attack	attacks	U.S.-led coalition forces	Attacker	Italian air space and military bases
Attack	It sickens me.	Conflict	It
Transport	Sharon indicated a 180-degree turnaround after decades of warning that an Israeli withdrawal from even small parts of the West Bank could endanger Israel's existence.	Movement	withdrawal	Israeli	Agent	small parts of the West Bank	Origin
Meet	Weldon's comments echoed those of U.S. officials following talks in Beijing in April.	Contact	talks	Beijing	Place	U.S. officials	Entity	April	Time-Within
Meet	It is very difficult to find times for all of us to get together.	Contact	together	all of us	Entity
Die	a 7-year-old israeli girl has died.	Life	died	a 7-year-old israeli girl	Victim
Attack	US breaking news of terrorist attack in near future.	Conflict	attack	terrorist	Attacker	near future	Time-Within
Die	An accident on a diesel-powered Chinese submarine has killed all 70 officers and sailors aboard, the official Xinhua News Agency reported Friday.	Life	killed	all 70 officers and sailors aboard	Victim	all 70 officers and sailors aboard	Victim	Friday	Time-Before
Die	slaughter in congo.	Life	slaughter	congo	Place
Transport	Some Hmong Americans may be reintroduced to Laos.	Movement	reintroduced	Some Hmong Americans	Artifact	Laos	Destination
Sue	All class actions do is enrich lawyers and raise costs to everyone.	Justice	actions
Transfer-Money	Actually more of the money from your donation has a chance of going directly toward its intended purpose than any other charity.	Transaction	donation	your	Giver
Charge-Indict	she is charged with using insider information to bail out of a biotech stock the day before its price tanked, and then trying to cover it up.	Justice	charged	she	Defendant	using insider information to bail out of a biotech stock the day before its price tanked, and then trying to cover it up	Crime
Attack	Iraq's information minister reads a message he says is from Saddam Hussein urging Iraqis to step up attacks against coalition forces.	Conflict	attacks	Iraqis	Attacker	coalition forces	Target
Transfer-Ownership	They need to buy stock from the company itself, at some premium to the prices at which they sold -- they'll have the same stake as before, the shareholders would have gotten their money back (since the premium goes to the company, which is owned by the shareholders), and there's no need to disrupt their business by taking the matter to court.	Transaction	buy	the company itself	Seller	They	Buyer
Elect	Even if you, John H, believe the US held impartial elections in Iraq, don't you think the rest of the world will find the results invalid, or least suspect.	Personnel	elections	Iraq	Place
Declare-Bankruptcy	S Corp Profit distribution and Bankrupcy.	Business	Bankrupcy
Transport	passengers were taken to the ship's dining rooms while bomb sniffing dogs went over the ship.	Movement	taken	passengers	Artifact	the ship's dining rooms	Destination
Injure	If one slices off one's nose to spite their face, then nobody should be surprised about their complaints of bleeding.	Life	slices	one	Victim	one	Agent
Transfer-Money	Taylor Ostergaard, then 17, and Lindsey Jo Zellitte, 18, paid the judgment on Thursday after a small claims court ruling by La Plata County Court Judge Doug Walker, a court clerk said on Friday.	Transaction	paid	Taylor Ostergaard	Giver	Lindsey Jo Zellitte	Giver	Thursday	Time-Within
Transport	his private plane arrived at heathrow airport.	Movement	arrived	his private plane	Artifact	heathrow airport	Destination
Attack	so you believe him when he says that iran isn't looking for it, but you don't believe the US when we say that we aren't.	Conflict	it	iran	Attacker
Transport	They moved the soldier to a MEDVAC vehicle via two-man litter carry.	Movement	moved	a MEDVAC vehicle	Vehicle	the soldier	Artifact	They	Agent
Injure	Twenty people were wounded, including several who were in serious condition.	Life	wounded	Twenty people	Victim
Meet	Now, we know, one person who will be invited is planning process, those planning meetings, is Ahmed Chalabi.	Contact	meetings	one person who will be invited	Entity
Elect	BUSH WON.	Personnel	WON	BUSH	Person
Transport	This as it continues to push ever closer towards the southern suburbs of Baghdad.	Movement	push	it	Artifact	the southern suburbs of Baghdad	Destination
Declare-Bankruptcy	if the workers don't approve the steep cut backs american says it will file for bankruptcy.	Business	bankruptcy	it	Org
Attack	They don't want to rock the boat now by attempting to starve out the mullahs' terror agent that conducts the proxy attacks against Israel that Iran cannot afford to do itself openly.	Conflict	attacks	the mullahs' terror agent that conducts the proxy attacks against Israel that Iran cannot afford to do itself openly	Attacker	Israel	Place
Execute	These are the reasons that none of these mothereffers should ever see the light of day...they need to be all lined up and shot.	Justice	shot	they	Person
Phone-Write	Ok guys, sorry for the long e-mail and the rambling, but I want to make sure that I have everything covered.	Contact	e-mail	guys	Entity	I	Entity
Transport	We're actually, um, going to France for Christmas to have with my aunt, so.	Movement	going	We	Artifact	France	Destination
Phone-Write	For these kids to takes time to read letters to us and stuff like that in their class, what more can you ask.	Contact	letters	these kids	Entity	us	Entity
Be-Born	i'm lebanese born.	Life	born	i	Person	lebanese	Place
Trial-Hearing	the court says it will not hear this case until late august.	Justice	hear	it	Adjudicator	late august	Time-Within
Attack	and for the use of spanish air space and bases as the war grew closer.	Conflict	war
Die	israeli troops are facing a similar situation with two journalists killed in just the past two weeks.	Life	killed	two journalists	Victim	israeli	Place	the past two weeks	Time-Within
Attack	still no reaction to the second attack.	Conflict	attack
End-Position	for the first time since being cut from the team in high school, michael jordan was left in the awkward position of being unwanted by the game he has come to define.	Personnel	cut	michael jordan	Person	the team in high school	Entity
Start-Org	British forces also began establishing the country's first postwar administration Tuesday, granting a local sheik power to set up an administrative committee representing the groups in the region.	Business	establishing	British forces	Agent	Tuesday	Time-Starting
Attack	california now, high school and college students there skipped class to show their opposition to a u.s.-led war with iraq.	Conflict	war	u.s	Attacker	iraq	Place
Marry	prime minister jean chretien says the government will now draft legislation legalizing gay marriages.	Life	marriages	gay	Person	the government	Place
Transport	a month later, u.s. and pakistani force hs a lead on osama bin laden, but by the time they moved in, he had vanished again.	Movement	moved	u.s. and pakistani force	Artifact
Attack	Yeah, it's all -- you know, I I I don't know if we're doing the right thing because now look at Iran, what are we going to be, uh,  and he he's talking about trying to invade Iran now.	Conflict	invade	he	Attacker	Iran	Place
Transfer-Ownership	Auctioneers reported a $9.3 billion winning bid for Yuganskneftgaz -- the company's main asset, worth two to three times that amount -- by an anonymous company located in Tver.	Transaction	winning	Yuganskneftgaz	Artifact	the company	Seller	$9.3 billion	Price	an anonymous company located in Tver	Buyer
Conflict	Thousands of Shiites  _  who constitute Iraq's most populous religious group but were repressed under Saddam Hussein	_  demonstrated in nearby Nasiriyah, chanting ``No to America and no to Saddam.	Demonstrate	demonstrated	nearby Nasiriyah	Place	Thousands of Shiites  _  who constitute Iraq's most populous religious group but were repressed under Saddam Hussein
Elect	But unilaterally, or worse leading a coalition featuring tyrannies, effect such change remains a bad idea, Iraq's elections notwithstanding.	Personnel	elections	Iraq	Entity
Elect	One has to go through the process of building from the bottom up, allowing the leadership to establish itself, and then the election process to go through and so forth,'' Cross said.	Personnel	election
Demonstrate	Organisers claimed that some 250,000 people attended the rally, creating a human column some three kilometres (1.8 miles) long.	Conflict	rally	some 250,000 people	Entity
Transport	A reminder, Jessica Lynch coming back to the United States within the hour.	Movement	coming	Jessica Lynch	Artifact	the United States	Destination	within the hour	Time-Within
Attack	You know, it's been going on for all these many -- what.	Conflict	it
Attack	france, germany and russia plan a showdown at theupups in a bid to stop the u.s.'s war machine and their voices of dissent echoed by protestors from australia to egypt to university students right here in the united states.	Conflict	war	the u.s	Attacker
End-Position	I I'm sorry to see Colin Powell leave, leaving.	Personnel	leave	Colin Powell	Person
Attack	with the darkness that surrounds us in these times of the possibility of war that could be coming upon us and a miracle that has been brought to us, an incredible miracle that has been brought to our family, words cannot express how grateful we are for the prayers around the world.	Conflict	war
Die	The murder of (at the most) 10k homosexuals wasn't.	Life	murder	10k homosexuals	Victim
Die	she's accused of beating two of her three children to death because, she says, god told her to.	Life	death	two of her three children	Victim	she	Agent
Be-Born	If you go for a home birth you can rent a birthing pool.	Life	birth
Transport	It lies just 12 miles from Baghdad and will be a key forward base for U.S. troops as they prepare for a push on the capital.	Movement	push	they	Artifact	the capital	Destination
Phone-Write	then the baby's mother made a frantic call to the police.	Contact	call	the baby's mother	Entity	the police	Entity
Die	an eighth american has died.	Life	died	an eighth american	Victim
Transport	I just want to come home.	Movement	come	I	Artifact	home	Destination
Attack	One of the most admired men in the world is doing everything he can to avert the horror of war.	Conflict	war
Attack	he was shot and thrown overboard.	Conflict	shot	he	Target
Transport	CNN's Martin Savidge, embedded with the 1st Battalion, 7th Marines, reports the unit has reached the extreme southeast suburbs of Baghdad, adding to forces the U.S. says now encircle the city.	Movement	reached	the unit	Artifact	the extreme southeast suburbs of Baghdad	Destination
Attack	I was given a copy of a different citation, but with the identical information from the one I'd gotten the night of the incident.	Conflict	incident	the night of the incident	Time-Within
Transport	And so I would like you to take a look at the CNN/"USA TODAY"/Gallup poll, taken last week, should U.S. troops to go to Iraq to remove Saddam Hussein from power.	Movement	go	U.S. troops	Artifact	Iraq	Destination
Attack	the army's 3rd infantry division 1st marine division, leading the assault against baghdad.	Conflict	assault	the army's 3rd infantry division	Attacker	1st marine division	Attacker
Sentence	Hanh was sentenced to 10 years in jail.	Justice	sentenced	Hanh	Defendant	10 years in jail	Sentence
Attack	And, um, Yasser Arafat was kind of in a difficult position, because you have these,  um, incredibly -- oppressed and in some ways imprisoned,  uh, Palestinians,  and if -- Arafat hadn't, um, tried to stand up -- and help them and- and fight for their rights, then -- m- they wouldn't have respected Arafat,  but then again, you know, he couldn't be too friendly with the West,  um,  and, um, and so he did the best he could, I think. It's a difficult -- leadership role.	Conflict	fight	Arafat	Attacker
Attack	They're fi- they don't even know why they're fighting anymore.	Conflict	fighting	they	Attacker	they	Target
Attack	but that means that he inaugurated at that point like a dozen-year's war where the united states could be criticized for doing too little and acting too slowly but all we're arguing about lately is to do with those that should have been finished in '91 when it could have been finished.	Conflict	war	he	Attacker
Die	The Palestinian suicide bomber on the Haifa bus came from the southern West Bank town of Hebron, public radio said, naming him as 20-year-old Mahmoud Hamadan Salim Qawasmi.	Life	suicide	The Palestinian suicide bomber on the Haifa bus	Victim	The Palestinian suicide bomber on the Haifa bus	Agent	Haifa	Place
Transport	He was sent over right next to the Persian Gulf now since New Year's Eve.	Movement	sent	the Persian Gulf	Destination	New Year's Eve	Time-At-Beginning	He	Artifact
Attack	Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal spoke of the "kingdom's hope for a quick halt in military action and for the return to peaceful efforts", the state SPA news agency reported.	Conflict	action
Attack	Furthermore, the United States supported him in the war against Iran.	Conflict	war	him	Attacker
Transport	NASA revamped its Mars program after the failure of two unmanned missions to Mars four years ago.	Movement	missions	NASA	Agent	Mars	Destination	four years ago	Time-Within
Attack	officials say there is no evidence connecting anything found in the park to anthrax or the anthrax attacks.	Conflict	attacks	anthrax	Instrument
Attack	Sharif also carried explosives, but they didn't go off, and he fled.	Conflict	go off	Sharif	Attacker	explosives	Instrument
Attack	especially a nuclear september 11th.	Conflict	september 11th	september 11th	Time-After
Attack	It could swell to as much as $500 billion if we go to war in Iraq.	Conflict	war	we	Attacker	Iraq	Place
Attack	Regardless of what happens, the U.S. has a direct ethnic connection to China by way of Hmong, which will secure CIA-insurgency operations.	Conflict	insurgency
Die	We mowed down'' the attackers, said Lt. Col. B.P. McCoy.	Life	mowed down	the attackers	Victim	We	Agent
Phone-Write	There will be more letters on the way.	Contact	letters
Merge-Org	There was talk of a (re)merger but the regulations governing non-profits prevented that.	Business	re)merger
Charge-Indict	seven enron executives have also been charged.	Justice	charged	seven enron executives	Defendant
Attack	it.	Conflict	it
Transport	the who says sars advisories against travel to hong kong, beijing and the chinese provences will remain in effect.	Movement	travel	hong kong	Destination	beijing	Destination	the chinese provences	Destination
Trial-Hearing	a trial date was not immediately set by the judge whose decision came as prosecutes were still presenting evidence.	Justice	trial	the judge whose decision came as prosecutes were still presenting evidence	Adjudicator
Arrest-Jail	ferris disappeared from sight, and cnn has confirmed he was taken into custody.	Justice	taken into custody	ferris	Person
Declare-Bankruptcy	her marketing vision also included kmart a company that recently emerged from bankruptcy.	Business	bankruptcy	that	Org	recently	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	Countries in the Gulf Cooperation Council have offered to donate money for the effort.	Transaction	donate	Countries in the Gulf Cooperation Council	Giver
Attack	Along the city's southern edge, U.S. tanks and Bradley vehicles destroyed at least seven Iraqi armored personnel carriers and more than 15 Iraqi tanks in fighting that went on for more than four hours.	Conflict	fighting	more than four hours	Time-Holds
Transfer-Ownership	Ominously, they also took a prison where they found U.S. Army uniforms and chemical weapons suits possibly belonging to American POWs.	Transaction	took	a prison where they found U.S. Army uniforms and chemical weapons suits possibly belonging to American POWs	Artifact	they	Buyer
Phone-Write	I'm chewing gum and talking on the phone while writing this note.	Contact	talking	I	Entity
Die	the man who set an endureance record for politics died last night in his hometown of edgefield, south carolina.	Life	died	the man who set an endureance record for politics	Victim	his hometown of edgefield, south carolina	Place	last night	Time-Within
Attack	They rose up, didn't get American support.	Conflict	rose up	They	Attacker
Transport	the bigger issue is once we get there, we can't carry oxygen or water or food to stay there three years, so we're going to have to do all of that on the surface of the planet.	Movement	get	we	Artifact	there	Destination
Declare-Bankruptcy	My uncle declared bankruptcy in 2003 and his case closed in June 2004.	Business	bankruptcy	My uncle	Org	2003	Time-Within
Trial-Hearing	Uh, what do you know about this Scott -- Peterson trial.	Justice	trial	Scott -- Peterson	Defendant
Attack	i didn't feel any i didn't realize what the fire power was.	Conflict	fire
Phone-Write	Don from Denver, Colorado writes, "Paul, you keep referencing Halliburton selling equipment to Iraq" -- which I do.	Contact	writes	Don from Denver, Colorado	Entity
Attack	but dallic shows he youed his family's influence to get into the navy just as america was on the verge of world war ii.	Conflict	war	america	Attacker
End-Position	A year ago, the program was in disarray and the coach was one poorly executed plane trip away from being fired by an over-zealous and too empowered booster with a fat checkbook.	Personnel	fired	the coach	Person	the program	Entity	A year ago	Time-Within
Sue	in recent months, he's been sued by an auction house for non-payment, and by a concert promoter for allegedly backing out of two millennium performances.	Justice	sued	he	Defendant	an auction house	Plaintiff	a concert promoter	Plaintiff	recent months	Time-Within
End-Position	two southwest airline pilots were reportedly fired for stripping down.	Personnel	fired	two southwest airline pilots	Person	southwest airline	Entity
Meet	Talks between North Korea, the United States and China ended Thursday with U.S. State Department officials saying it was uncertain whether discussions on Pyongyang's nuclear program would continue.	Contact	Talks	North Korea	Entity	the United States	Entity	China	Entity	Thursday	Time-Ending
Meet	North Korea also hinted during the meetings that they have nuclear weapons and may conduct a test, a U.S. official said.	Contact	meetings	North Korea	Entity
Appeal	still undecided, an appeal by governor jeb bush, who wants the guardian apointed for the fetus.	Justice	appeal	governor jeb bush, who wants the guardian apointed for the fetus	Plaintiff
Attack	Duke Cunningham was a Vietnam fighter ace shooting down five enemy planes.	Conflict	shooting down	Duke Cunningham	Attacker	Vietnam	Place	five enemy planes	Target
Attack	Yeah, I don't think he was poisoned.	Conflict	poisoned	he	Target
Transport	Perhaps I can do better when I get home.	Movement	get	I	Artifact	home	Destination
Attack	The violence erupted after Sharon endured withering criticism Monday from members of his own Likud Party over his Cabinet's acceptance of the U.S.-backed ``road map'' peace plan.	Conflict	violence
Attack	Fight them with your hands.	Conflict	Fight	your	Attacker	them	Target
End-Position	Phil Donahue was fired because he's a liberal.	Personnel	fired	Phil Donahue	Person
Attack	War, soldiers say, is long hours of boredom, followed by a few moments of madness.	Conflict	War
Attack	u.s. and saudi officials say the bombings bear the trademark of al qaeda.	Conflict	bombings	al qaeda	Attacker
Start-Org	but they turned it into an empire, what shirley temple could have done.	Business	turned	an empire	Org	they	Agent
Elect	Results from the last few elections suggest that wouldn't be such a good idea if they ever want to gain more power in Congress.	Personnel	elections
Phone-Write	the communications conditions once you're on mars, just to talk to people on earth, there's a 20 minute delay in the conversation.	Contact	talk	mars	Place	you	Entity	people on earth	Entity
Transport	it was only about 30 years ago when we went to the moon.	Movement	went	we	Artifact	the moon	Destination	about 30 years ago	Time-Within
Sentence	sam waksal, sentenced, 10:00 a.m., local time here in new york.	Justice	sentenced	sam waksal	Defendant	here in new york	Place	10:00 a.m., local time here in new york	Time-Within
Injure	And obviously we're going to pray that there's fewer casualties.	Life	casualties
Attack	It was in northern Iraq today that an eight artillery round hit the site occupied by Kurdish fighters near Chamchamal.	Conflict	hit	northern Iraq	Place	the site occupied by Kurdish fighters near Chamchamal	Target	an eight artillery round	Instrument	today	Time-Within
Attack	Critics have said Sharon's long-held condition that all violence must stop before peace moves is unrealistic and guarantees failure of any peace initiative, including the road map, thus releasing him from the necessity of following through on his remarks.	Conflict	violence
Attack	Tiffany O'Neal, a military cook, vents her frustration about the rigors of desert warfare to a friend.	Conflict	warfare	desert	Place
Attack	One of the reasons that we like having you on, and as well as Mr. Rangel, is that, you know, this is war, as we were saying in the last segment.	Conflict	war
Attack	if there's any kind of terrorism that happens here, i think that would definitely put a damper on everything.	Conflict	terrorism	here	Place
Attack	It sounds like an organized effort to cause airline accidents," Thompson said.	Conflict	cause	airline	Target
Be-Born	And, uh,  well, I I -- I did read a a column today by,  uh,  a Hispanic fellow and, uh,  he wasn't native born, he was from Cuba,  and, uh,  he stated that, uh,  we he was in the fifth grade and and, uh,  uh, he was taking -- no, I guess he was in middle school and he was taking a civics class and and it was pointed out to him that, you know, he could never become President.	Life	born	he	Person	Cuba	Place
Attack	Al-Jazeera categorically denied that its Baghdad bureau had been used by Iraqi forces to fire on U.S. troops.	Conflict	fire	U.S. troops	Target
Transport	you might remember last week when another half-brother of saddam hussein was picked up trying to cross into syria and that time, we have been told syria has closed its border with iraq to prevent any of that ongoing.	Movement	cross	another half-brother of saddam hussein	Artifact	syria	Destination	iraq	Origin	last week	Time-Within
Attack	The knowledge that the Commander-in-Chief once faced grave danger in war bravely can be the animating spirit of troops facing the same dangers.	Conflict	war
Release-Parole	Release a known terrorist to run the PLO and that will bring about peace, give me a effin break.	Justice	Release	a known terrorist	Person
Transfer-Money	Under the terms of the settlement agreement, Sotheby's and Christie's will each pay 20 million dollars," said Sotheby's, which operates in 34 countries.	Transaction	pay	Sotheby's	Giver	Christie's	Giver	each	Giver	20 million dollars	Money
Attack	The surprise move by France, which led opposition to the U.S. war against Iraq, followed last week's call by U.S. President George W. Bush for sanctions to be lifted quickly, so Iraq can trade freely and its oil revenue can be used to finance reconstruction.	Conflict	war	U.S	Attacker	Iraq	Place
Marry	he'll probably get some wacky woman -- who wants to marry him.	Life	marry	who	Person	him	Person
Transfer-Money	Arafat wife Suha's outburst that his successors were "trying to bury [him] alive" came after she learned that Arafat had signed over at least $800 million to the government of the Palestinian Authority two years ago, TIME reports.	Transaction	signed over	him	Giver	at least $800 million	Money	the Palestinian Authority	Recipient	two years ago	Time-Within
Elect	She would be my s- -- well you know what, actually, I liked Dean a lot I must say, in this election.	Personnel	election	Dean	Person	I	Entity
End-Position	Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad fired Anwar, his former protege, in 1998 following disputes over financial policy.	Personnel	fired	Anwar	Person	his former protege	Position	1998	Time-Within
Declare-Bankruptcy	for the latest on the company to avoid bankruptcy, check with rhonda schaffler.	Business	bankruptcy	the company	Org
Trial-Hearing	joe in michigan, prosecute, when your skit in life is professing trust and integrity and you violate that responsilibity to your believing public, then you should be done.	Justice	prosecute
Sentence	our next guest this morning faced 100 lashes for premarital sex in pakistan.	Justice	faced	our next guest this morning	Defendant	pakistan	Place	100 lashes	Sentence	premarital sex	Crime
Die	The extermination of kosovar albanians by native serbs.	Life	extermination	kosovar albanians	Victim	native serbs	Agent
Transport	My son's going to be moving back home next year, and he's a joy.	Movement	moving	My son	Artifact	home	Destination	next year	Time-Within
Demonstrate	Demonstrations are routinely held against israel all over the world.	Conflict	Demonstrations	the world	Place
Elect	And I said, that guy could be president.	Personnel	be	that guy	Person
Appeal	we'll continue to follow this court ruling as well.	Justice	ruling	court	Adjudicator
Transport	Um, actually, usually we're out of town so we don't attend our church.	Movement	out	we	Artifact	town	Origin
Die	I have just (in the last 1/2 hour) heard Radio Wales refer to the millions of Jews and other minorites including Gypsies and homosexuals who died in the concentration camps.	Life	died	who	Victim	the concentration camps	Place
Attack	they targeted three residential compounds for americans and other westerners.	Conflict	targeted	they	Attacker	three residential compounds for americans and other westerners	Target
Attack	When we came across the bridge, the enemy launched some 155 artillery rounds at us.	Conflict	launched	the enemy	Attacker	the bridge	Place	us	Target	some 155 artillery rounds	Instrument
Start-Position	Hire professionals, Mr. President.	Personnel	Hire	professionals	Person
Die	it happened at 7:30 this morning.	Life	it	7:30 this morning	Time-Within
Injure	Five Palestinian children, a Palestinian woman and a police officer, were injured Tuesday after accidentally detonating explosives in the West Bank city of Hebron, Palestinian security officials said.	Life	injured	explosives	Instrument	Five Palestinian children	Victim	a Palestinian woman	Victim	a police officer	Victim	the West Bank city of Hebron	Place	Tuesday	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	People close to Fayyad's investigation told TIME of Arafat's skimming from the gas trade.	Transaction	skimming	Arafat	Recipient
End-Position	He retired after the 2000 season as the NFL's all-time leader in sacks with 198.	Personnel	retired	NFL	Entity	He	Person	2000	Time-Within
Attack	But for five and a half years, he noted, Annan "refused to accept any responsibility for the Rwandan holocaust until Mr. Gourevitch and others revealed that less than 5,000 U.N. troops could have stopped the killings if Mr. Annan had not closed his eyes.	Conflict	holocaust	Rwandan	Place
Arrest-Jail	And I'm curious, how can Democrats claim that President Bush is ignoring the war on terror if al Qaeda's second key operative was just caught.	Justice	caught	al Qaeda's second key operative	Person
Die	He was killed in action in Iraq.	Life	killed	He	Victim	Iraq	Place
Attack	They assure us that as soon as they do start turning on these radars that they'll take those out too and finish the job in terms of airspace over Baghdad.	Conflict	take those out	they	Attacker	Baghdad	Place
Attack	while we do, we want to tell you marines battling for control of the bridges in the southern city of nasiriyah face stiff resistance from iraqi paramilitary groups today.	Conflict	battling	marines battling for control of the bridges in the southern city of nasiriyah	Attacker	iraqi paramilitary groups	Attacker	the bridges in the southern city of nasiriyah	Place	marines battling for control of the bridges in the southern city of nasiriyah	Target	iraqi paramilitary groups	Target	today	Time-Within
Attack	Read between the lines, the war will not be between the US and North Korea.	Conflict	war
Transport	Our Walter Rodgers is embedded with the unit's 3rd Squadron, which is leading the 3rd Infantry Division's march toward the Iraqi capital.	Movement	march	the 3rd Infantry Division	Artifact	the Iraqi capital	Destination
End-Org	i felt t7ire was something else too, much history behind silver cross to end is now.	Business	end	silver cross	Org
Attack	This would have delayed secession and the Civil War.	Conflict	War
Transfer-Money	The World Bank first offered the loan in 1999, but disagreements over treatment kept the project on hold.	Transaction	loan	The World Bank	Giver	1999	Time-Within
Transport	In trucks and on foot they came to the town of Safwan.	Movement	came	trucks	Vehicle	they	Artifact	the town of Safwan	Destination
Elect	You become honorable by winning an election of some sort or having a high post, being an ambassador or a governor or some thing.	Personnel	election	You	Person
Transport	the man came out and did the spread eagle like that, just as he did that, that's when you saw the child just walking just a few feet away from him but the officers were able to get the child away.	Movement	came	the man	Artifact
Die	Yasser Arafat Murdered.	Life	Murdered	Yasser Arafat	Victim
End-Org	knew saddam hussein's rej geemg is no more, the focus in iraq is turning from military action to rebuilding which means the coalition's role in the country will have to change.	Business	is no more	iraq	Place	saddam hussein's rej geemg	Org
End-Position	to our top story of the evening -- martha stewart is stepping down as head of her media empire.	Personnel	stepping down	martha stewart	Person	her media empire	Entity	head of her media empire	Position
Attack	Could be urban combat.	Conflict	combat
Elect	His thumping re-election, however, shows that he represents a large body of conservative American opinion.	Personnel	re-election	His	Person
Appeal	But Anwar's lawyers said they were filing a fresh request for bail pending a further appeal.	Justice	appeal	Anwar	Plaintiff
Transport	The Americans are racing towards Baghdad, the British still seem anxious to make their progress here as measured as possible.	Movement	racing	The Americans	Artifact	Baghdad	Destination
Meet	The announcement came as U.S. President George W. Bush and South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun were about to meet Wednesday in Washington to discuss North Korea's nuclear programs.	Contact	meet	Washington	Place	U.S. President George W. Bush	Entity	South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun	Entity	Wednesday	Time-Within
Attack	they, two, were hit.	Conflict	hit	they	Target
Attack	right -- a little bit right after the war started in Iraq there was a soldier that spoke out and he got reprimanded for it.	Conflict	war	Iraq	Place
Injure	I often wondered how he was doing with all the meds because of his illness, which developed before his paralyzing accident..	Life	paralyzing	his	Victim
Divorce	Sometimes I look at the old photos, before divorce.	Life	divorce	I	Person
Transport	Well, my daughter is in Louisville, clear across the state, and she's not coming home.	Movement	coming	she	Artifact	home	Destination	Louisville	Origin
Injure	More than 40 were injured.	Life	injured	More than 40	Victim
Die	It's just, a decade later, killing still troubles the soul.	Life	killing
Merge-Org	So Oracle and Peoplesoft , who spent the last 18 months insulting one another in every imaginable way, are finally tying the knot.	Business	tying the knot	Oracle	Org	Peoplesoft	Org	the last 18 months	Time-Ending
Sentence	Before the sentence, there had been speculations among analysts on whether Waksal would get leniency because his company has been working on researches of cancer drugs, a good endeavor in the eyes of many people.	Justice	sentence	Waksal	Defendant
Sue	The only people who profit from class actions are the lawyers.	Justice	actions
Attack	US President George W. Bush condemned the "attack on innocents in Israel," White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said, adding that "his message to the terrorists is: Their efforts will not be succcessful.	Conflict	attack	the terrorists	Attacker	Israel	Place	innocents in Israel	Target
Attack	I'm here to support him and others who are fighting for their country.	Conflict	fighting	who	Attacker
Attack	he is also suspected in three atlanta-area bombings.	Conflict	bombings	he	Attacker	atlanta-area	Place
Charge-Indict	but the question is she being unfairly singled out for prosecution.	Justice	prosecution	she	Defendant
Die	multiple murder investigation, so i'm sure there are a number of avenues that they're looking into.	Life	murder
Transport	Well, the homeless people -- I guess, they need their shopping cart, so they kind of went elsewhere, so -- um -- I mean it's a small thing,  but it was, they just figured out, they were -- you know, uh -- learning from experience on what they need to do in the -- city and -- I think he would be a good -- candidate for the Homeland Security,  running that.	Movement	went	the homeless people	Artifact
Attack	we heard from secretary rumsfeld who briefed us on the early stages of the war.	Conflict	war
Die	miller becomes the second journalist in just two weeks to be killed covering the israeli-palestinian conflict.	Life	killed	the second journalist in just two weeks to be killed covering the israeli-palestinian conflict	Victim	two weeks	Time-Within
Attack	we give mr. bush six months to get things right he says, going on to explain, if not, we will fight the americans.	Conflict	fight	we	Attacker	six months	Time-After
Attack	mike hanna in jerusalem, but first, going to kelly wallace in kba sda where there's more helicopter attacks tonight.	Conflict	attacks	kba sda where there's more helicopter attacks tonight	Place	helicopter	Instrument	tonight	Time-Within
Attack	how neutral are reporters in a war supposed to be.	Conflict	war
Attack	According to a poll by Kyodo news agency released Saturday, 78 of 100 people surveyed opposed the military action in Iraq.	Conflict	action	Iraq	Place
Transport	I don't think that we should get involved to a level, a point where we're sending people over there and, um, trying to -- help keep the peace or anything like that,  um.	Movement	sending	people	Artifact	we	Agent	there	Destination
Appeal	The club said it wasn't aware of Toefting's decision to drop his appeal.	Justice	appeal	his	Plaintiff
Transfer-Money	Poor, native-born Americans who otherwise would be paid higher wages for their manual labor.	Transaction	paid	who	Recipient
Injure	No one knows yet whether the new Iraq will be the kind of place where these children can grow up free of the fear, the horror of torture.	Life	torture
Phone-Write	we love hearing from you.	Contact	hearing	we	Entity	you	Entity
Transport	Leave from Niagara Falls and drive to Toronto, On - 85 miles.	Movement	Leave	Toronto, On	Destination	Niagara Falls	Origin
Charge-Indict	he's charged with kidnapping, felony assault and sexual assault.	Justice	charged	he	Defendant	kidnapping	Crime	felony assault	Crime	sexual assault	Crime
Attack	Police believed Ba'asyir was the spiritual leader of Jemaah Islamiyah, the terrorist network in Southeast Asia which is widely blamed for the Bali bombing.	Conflict	bombing	the terrorist network in Southeast Asia which is widely blamed for the Bali bombing	Attacker	Bali	Place
Transfer-Money	Tell someone who had a double mastectomy, tell an infant who's brain-damaged and has no economic loss that for the rest of their lives they're going to get dribbled out $250,000 for their entire life expectancy.	Transaction	dribbled	$250,000	Money	someone who had a double mastectomy	Recipient	an infant who's brain-damaged and has no economic loss	Recipient
Meet	The Security Council is scheduled to discuss North Korea's nuclear program on Wednesday, and Pyongyang has said that any sanctions imposed on it will be tantamount to war.	Contact	discuss	The Security Council	Entity	North Korea	Entity	Wednesday	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	While North Carolina's excise tax is only 5 cents, the total taxes given to North Carolina by smokers adds up to more than 61 cents per pack.	Transaction	given	smokers	Giver	61 cents	Money	North Carolina	Recipient
Die	and two other people were killed including a mother and bodyguard.	Life	killed	two other people	Victim	a mother	Victim	bodyguard	Victim
Attack	meanwhile, as war is fought a world away, federal, state and local authorities face their own battle keeping americans safe at home.	Conflict	war
Die	That is not the sort of leadership that on emotional grounds alone motivates men to march to possible death.	Life	death	men	Victim
Sentence	I don't think he's guilty and, I hope he doesn't get the death penalty.	Justice	get	he	Defendant	the death penalty	Sentence
Attack	And I -- felt like, hm -- if we're trying to, um -- make -- um -- the United States safer and more stable -- conflict in the world more stable then we probably need somebody -- who is a little bit more -- of a politician in the sense that -- the, they care about diplomacy and -- uh, even though we may not -- give in to -- the will of the other nations present it in a nicer way.	Conflict	conflict	the world	Place
Attack	one concern these men have in the waterways of iraq is the threat of an ambush, so there are five weapon stations on the special operations craft.	Conflict	ambush	the waterways of iraq	Place	these men	Target
Transport	So you were in Pittsburgh, and you went a hundred miles to the south, or eighty miles south, you'd be in Fairmont.	Movement	went	you	Artifact	you	Agent	Fairmont	Destination	Pittsburgh	Origin
Meet	Anybody could be an informer and punish us for talking to you, even my family, he tells me in Arabic.	Contact	talking	us	Entity	you	Entity
End-Position	Vivendi, in a statement, said that Diller had, "in full agreement with Vivendi Universal," announced that he was "ending his temporary assignment as CEO of Vivendi Universal Entertainment.	Personnel	ending	his	Person	Vivendi Universal Entertainment	Entity	CEO of Vivendi Universal Entertainment	Position
Transfer-Ownership	interesting point here also, people are suggesting he may be raising this money to buy those atlanta sports teams that apparently are on the block.	Transaction	buy	those atlanta sports teams that apparently are on the block	Artifact	he	Buyer
Transport	He'll fly to his first public appearance since returning to his home state aboard the private jet of a Hooters Air executive.	Movement	fly	the private jet of a Hooters Air executive	Vehicle	He	Agent
End-Org	It also called for dissolving Saddam's Baath Party but left open the question of separating church from the state.	Business	dissolving	Saddam's Baath Party	Org
Start-Position	Alas, too little too late was the case thanks to the inept Wyatt Sexton who has been our starter since replacing Rix earlier in the season.	Personnel	replacing	who	Person	our	Entity	our starter	Position	earlier in the season	Time-Within
Elect	Kerry Won the Election by at least 1,7 Million Votes.	Personnel	Election	Kerry	Person
Die	And an Army soldier investigating a destroyed tank in central Iraq was killed by friendly fire when he was mistaken for an Iraqi, the military said.	Life	killed	an Army soldier investigating a destroyed tank in central Iraq	Victim	central Iraq	Place
Be-Born	katie was born on christmas day, anderson.	Life	born	katie	Person	christmas day	Time-Within
Trial-Hearing	So, it's, you know, and the trial, the, um,  what is it called, the verdict, was actually read by audio over the ~TV.	Justice	trial
Convict	the 31-year-old mother of three was convicted in march of having sex outside of marriage.	Justice	convicted	the 31-year-old mother of three	Defendant	having sex outside of marriage	Crime	march	Time-Within
Attack	however, the pentagon is down playing the idea that an invasion of baghdad is imminent.	Conflict	invasion
Meet	The outlines for the international stability force were decided at a conference Hoon hosted Wednesday with representatives from 16 countries, mostly NATO members.	Contact	conference	representatives from 16 countries, mostly NATO members	Entity	Wednesday	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	Actually, the pro-U.N. lobby paid for it.	Transaction	paid	the pro-U.N. lobby	Giver
Meet	they talked about problems in northern ireland.	Contact	talked	they	Entity
Transfer-Money	In the past two weeks, the officials said, France has rebuffed appeals by Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and the Israeli foreign minister, Silvan Shalom, to list Hezbollah as a terrorist organization, which would prevent it from raising money in Europe through charity groups.	Transaction	raising money	it	Beneficiary	Europe	Place	charity groups	Recipient
Transport	the findings are heightening concerns among coalition forces approaching baghdad since, as the iraqis should know, u.s. and british forces do not use chemical weapons.	Movement	approaching	coalition forces approaching baghdad	Artifact	baghdad	Destination
Transport	one of the big questions about mars is when or whether humans will ever be able to visit.	Movement	visit	humans	Artifact	mars	Destination
Transport	we are expecting some 15,000 people to greet the "uss constellation" as it comes home.	Movement	comes	home	Destination	the "uss constellation	Vehicle
Meet	Seoul had hoped to use the meeting to try to persuade its communist neighbor to scrap its nuclear ambitions.	Contact	meeting	its communist neighbor	Entity	Seoul	Entity
Start-Position	You who put the Shah in power.	Personnel	put	the Shah	Person	the Shah	Position
Die	More than 300 Iraqi soldiers have been left dead.	Life	dead	More than 300 Iraqi soldiers	Victim
Sue	Larry Klayman, chairman of Judicial Watch, which represent 14 survivors and victims' relatives who have filed a $1.5 billion federal lawsuit against Iraq in Washington, said his organization had served a subpoena on Al-Douri twice, on March 26 and March 28, but said he has not responded.	Justice	lawsuit	Iraq	Defendant	Washington	Place	14 survivors and victims' relatives	Plaintiff	14 survivors and victims' relatives	Plaintiff
Elect	Yeah, I- in fact, I thought we already had a discussion on this, uh, about elections some time back, but I guess it was -- question was framed differently, I guess.	Personnel	elections
Attack	For example -- wait a second -- in Iran, the reason that you had Ayatollah Khomeini in power is he overthrew the Shah.	Conflict	overthrew	Ayatollah Khomeini	Attacker	Iran	Place	the Shah	Target
Transport	Even as the secretary of homeland security was putting his people on high alert last month, a 30-foot Cuban patrol boat with four heavily armed men landed on American shores, utterly undetected by the Coast Guard Secretary Ridge now leads.	Movement	landed	a 30-foot Cuban patrol boat with four heavily armed men	Vehicle	four heavily armed men	Artifact	American shores	Destination
Phone-Write	during a brief phone call with their son from kuwait on surngd the arm asked the young family not to get into any specific details about what happened during their son's capture and release.	Contact	call	their son	Entity	the young family	Entity
Attack	In a conflict over Taiwan or some other confrontation, he said, ``China's ability to field a force of even a dozen submarines could pose a big problem for any other naval force.	Conflict	conflict	Taiwan	Place
Die	When an Al- Jazeera reporter was killed today, the network charged it had been targeted by U.S. force.	Life	killed	an Al- Jazeera reporter	Victim	U.S. force	Agent	today	Time-Within
Attack	james was not shooting and he was not with somebody shooting.	Conflict	shooting	james	Attacker
Phone-Write	we got calls that morning saying "did you hear that they're halting all travel?" and we put in a call to the agency.	Contact	call	we	Entity	the agency	Entity
Elect	In Iraq, an election takes place in which one of the three major forces vying for control of the country opts out.	Personnel	election	Iraq	Place
Marry	get married two or three times in there.	Life	married	there	Place
Transfer-Money	The truth seems to me that the Israeli government got panicked when Saddam announced that he would reward the families of Palestinian suicide bombers with some 10 thousand dollars.	Transaction	reward	Saddam	Giver	some 10 thousand dollars	Money	the families of Palestinian suicide bombers	Recipient
Injure	Are we going to allow severely injured people who have found a lung taken out that's the wrong lung or a double mastectomy that wasn't indicated that was inflicted on a woman in the Midwest, or that organ transplant that was incompatible on that 17-year-old teenager in North Carolina.	Life	injured	severely injured people who have found a lung taken out that's the wrong lung	Victim
Attack	They wouldn't be here if it weren't for the freedoms that others fought for," she said.	Conflict	fought	others	Attacker
Elect	You know, I I mean obviously, if Schwarzenegger could run, he's got the name recognition, but I would be really surprised -- both to see him run and to see him win, but then again -- I was a little bit surprised when he won California, so.	Personnel	won	Schwarzenegger	Person
Meet	A U.S. official praised the Chinese contribution to the discussions.	Contact	discussions	Chinese	Entity
Phone-Write	So, on small notes, they wrote the phone numbers we didn't get to dial, hoping we'd deliver on our promise that we'd call on their behalf.	Contact	call	we	Entity
End-Position	Her name is Janine Beck, she is from Tucson, AZ, and she most recently has been the team leader for Landmark Education programs in Tucson (the title is Source Person.	Personnel	been	she	Person	Tucson, AZ	Place	Landmark Education	Entity	team leader	Position
Transport	it's only then a mission to the red planet is possible.	Movement	mission	the red planet	Destination
Die	On May 5, 10 hostages held by the FARC were killed during an attempt to rescue them by the army.	Life	killed	10 hostages held by the FARC	Victim	May 5	Time-Within
Arrest-Jail	Nicolae Mischie, authoritarian leader of a district organization of the main opposition party, has been jailed.	Justice	jailed	Nicolae Mischie	Person
Attack	before the war, i was in jordan.	Conflict	war
Phone-Write	This time, they hope the sailors will write back with answers to their questions.	Contact	write	they	Entity	the sailors	Entity
Meet	Indonesia's Foreign Ministry spokesman Marty Natalegawa says Megawati's meeting with Russian President Putin slated for April 21 will touch on the Iraq crisis.	Contact	meeting	Megawati	Entity	Russian President Putin	Entity	April 21	Time-Within
Trial-Hearing	I read about it in the newspaper and things like that.	Justice	it
Transport	then if we stay there for about a year or two, the whole trip could last about three years.	Movement	trip	we	Artifact	there	Destination	about three years	Time-Holds
Sentence	he is now getting word of his sentence from the federal judge.	Justice	sentence	the federal judge	Adjudicator	he	Defendant
Transport	We want to tell you the Air Force has just informed us that between this morning and tomorrow morning, it will fly 1,900 sorties into Iraq.	Movement	fly	the Air Force	Agent	Iraq	Destination	between this morning and tomorrow morning	Time-Within	this morning	Time-Starting	tomorrow morning	Time-Ending
Marry	Sometimes we want to see marriage one dimensionally.	Life	marriage
Attack	in days of yore, an english prince, a king in waiting would be charging off to battle on a horse, just before his 21st birthday, prince william is chasing a polo ball, such of what has become of the british monarchy over time.	Conflict	battle	an english prince	Attacker	a king in waiting	Attacker	days of yore	Time-Within
Phone-Write	After Christmas, I got a call from the wife of one of my former bosses (at my last full-time job.	Contact	call	I	Entity	the wife of one of my former bosses	Entity	Christmas	Time-After
Die	Yeah, was good enough, just to show -- the Palestinian people -- that, uh you know, America does care somewhat -- that you've lost your leader.	Life	lost	your leader	Victim
Attack	2:58, a.m., explosions reported around the palestine hotel where international journalists are staying.	Conflict	explosions	2:58, a.m	Time-Within
Sentence	It lasts as long as the rest of your sentence lasts.	Justice	sentence	your	Defendant
Transport	We support our troops -- bring them home!" read one.	Movement	bring	them	Artifact	home	Destination
Transport	As our convoy rolled through southern Iraq the desperation of the people here soon became evident.	Movement	rolled	our convoy	Vehicle	our	Artifact	southern Iraq	Destination
Demonstrate	the state department spokesman says the demonstrations are about iran and iranians, and have nothing to do with the u.s., but he did make it clear where u.s. sympathies lie.	Conflict	demonstrations
Attack	If the attack should happen in the winter, no Natural gas from Canada to heat homes, or fire steam driven electrical generators.	Conflict	attack	the winter	Time-Within
Trial-Hearing	jim in new york, i've des piesed martha stewart for years before the imclone scandal, but all this prosecution does is how bias prosecutors are when they deal with moguls who strip the hopes of investors.	Justice	prosecution	martha stewart	Defendant	prosecutors	Prosecutor
Declare-Bankruptcy	That means that he received the shares while he was still in bankruptcy, which means that the shares were potentially assets that the trustee could use to pay off creditors.	Business	bankruptcy	he	Org
Marry	I had never heard that announcement before so I assumed that it was for the people attending the wedding on board.	Life	wedding
Attack	two of those divisions absolutely devastated, destroyed.	Conflict	destroyed	two of those divisions	Target
Convict	And -- they were in fact trying to enforce the death penalty on that charge if they were -- found guilty on both charges.	Justice	found	they	Defendant	they	Adjudicator
Attack	Iran To Continue Policy of Shooting-Down US Spy Drones.	Conflict	Shooting-Down
Phone-Write	I've talked to people from Pennsylvania, yes.	Contact	talked	I	Entity	people from Pennsylvania	Entity
Attack	u.s. forces in baghdad are staging spot raids around that city, searching for holdout members of saddam's regime.	Conflict	raids	u.s. forces in baghdad	Attacker	that city	Place
Sue	Buyers and sellers also would have to agree not to pursue further cases in foreign courts.	Justice	pursue	foreign courts	Adjudicator	Buyers	Plaintiff	sellers	Plaintiff
Arrest-Jail	We had no part in it.	Justice	it
Attack	Central Command said, no, its forces were trading fire from a hotel where the network was housed.	Conflict	fire	its forces	Attacker
Attack	U.S. defense officials also were investigating whether a Navy Hornet jet that crashed Wednesday was shot down by a U.S. Patriot missile.	Conflict	shot down	a Navy Hornet jet that crashed Wednesday	Target	a U.S. Patriot missile	Instrument	Wednesday	Time-Within
Meet	Perhaps because longtime NBC News anchor Tom Brokaw put his stamp of approval on the UNA-USA and BCUN by acting as master of ceremonies at their 2001 Global Leadership Dinner.	Contact	Dinner	longtime NBC News anchor Tom Brokaw	Entity	the UNA-USA	Entity	BCUN	Entity
Attack	Do they mean guerilla warfare, as in Vietnam.	Conflict	warfare	Vietnam	Place
Die	Who do you think the insurgents were killing -- shi'ites.	Life	killing	the insurgents	Agent	Who	Victim
End-Org	I hope this makes it clear to the Iraqi people that this (the regime) is over and that they can now enjoy their new freedom,'' Perkins said.	Business	is over	the regime	Org
Marry	I did get a good bunch of the wedding photos, but my ex refused to give them all to me saying it was "his life too" even though I really resent them being under the same roof with his child-bride.	Life	wedding	I	Person	my ex	Person
Die	Radio station DXDC placed the death toll at 30, without giving a source for the figure, which officials could not immediately confirm.	Life	death
Attack	so this is one of the oldest cases of terrorism that is one of the oldest cases that has not been closed to date.	Conflict	terrorism
Attack	That has not been the case with President Bush, who unleashed hell acting on faulty intelligence, failed to find any WMD, and left our boys at war wanting for armor.	Conflict	war	our boys	Attacker
Attack	The Islamic militant group Hamas carried out four bombings over the weekend.	Conflict	bombings	The Islamic militant group	Attacker	the weekend	Time-Within
Attack	How about Saddam's use of chemical weapons.	Conflict	use	Saddam	Attacker	chemical weapons	Instrument
Phone-Write	On the other hand, if you were a scientist at NOAA and were into saving people from tsunamis, you would think you might have figured out beforehand who you might call if you did get some advanced warning of such an event.	Contact	call	who you might call if you did get some advanced warning of such an event	Entity	you	Entity
Meet	we'll talk more about what the two leaders discussed at the joint news conference following their series of meetings.	Contact	meetings	their	Entity
Transport	And I agree that we shouldn't send people over there.	Movement	send	people	Artifact	we	Agent	there	Destination
Transport	Aldouri was in better spirits as he departed for the airport with a final message.	Movement	departed	he	Artifact	the airport	Destination
Acquit	One defendant was acquitted, while the court sent four other cases back to police for further investigation.	Justice	acquitted	One defendant	Defendant
Transport	Pentagon sources say the first phase of the final push into Baghdad is now under way.	Movement	push	Baghdad	Destination	now	Time-Within
Sue	If you don't believe that, witness the Vioxx lawsuits.	Justice	lawsuits
Meet	The officials said no new date had been set; Israel Radio said the meeting would take place Thursday.	Contact	meeting	Thursday	Time-Within
Die	You know, if he if he made peace he had factions of his own people that would've killed him -- and if he didn't make peace, eh, then he's considered, you know, the the warmongering, uh, man who won't make peace, you know.	Life	killed	him	Victim	factions of his own people	Agent
Attack	What does that have to do with the war in Iraq.	Conflict	war	Iraq	Place
Attack	On this Ash Wednesday, the pope asks Catholics to fast for peace and he asks President Bush to work for peace, while the White House sends out Colin Powell to make yet another case for war.	Conflict	war
Attack	those are three planes hit today.	Conflict	hit	three planes hit today	Target	today	Time-Within
Meet	with the encouragement of his doctors, we visited him in the intensive care unit.	Contact	visited	we	Entity	him	Entity
Transport	I've been to your lovely state once before, down in the hollers.	Movement	been	I	Artifact	your lovely state	Destination
Transport	i will say he will come out of the burn unit in three weeks time, but he will be, you know, in kuwait until we find him really constructive plan that takes into consideration all aspects of his needs, psychological, social and future plan.	Movement	come	he	Artifact	kuwait	Destination	three weeks time	Time-At-End
Transfer-Ownership	I believe you had said that you gave him the shares in February 2004 but that the discharge didn't come until June of 2004.	Transaction	gave	him	Beneficiary	I	Seller	February 2004	Time-Within
Transport	We are not expecting to drive into Baghdad suddenly and seize it in a coup de mains, or anything like that.	Movement	drive	We	Artifact	Baghdad	Destination
Transport	I- I didn't know they could send them more than once.	Movement	send	them	Artifact	they	Agent
Injure	A more frightening scenario is that terrorists may have obtained a Chinese-produced ZM-87 laser blinder which is specifically designed to blind eyesight.	Life	blind	a Chinese-produced ZM-87 laser blinder which is specifically designed to blind eyesight	Instrument	terrorists	Agent
Attack	But do you think, um -- that -- and this isn't quite a political issue, but do you think that -- there's going to be another attack on the ~US.	Conflict	attack
Fine	I mean, you've got 5 percent of the doctors accounting for over 55 percent of the payoffs, Paul.	Justice	payoffs	5 percent of the doctors	Entity
Transfer-Ownership	But when an outsider buys into the business once it's established itself as important, but before it's really gotten profitable, it's big news.	Transaction	buys	the business	Artifact	an outsider	Buyer
Transfer-Money	In a monstrous conflict of interest for a supposed straight news reporter, Fasulo acknowledges Ted Turner's U.N. Foundation and Better World Campaign for "their generous financial support" of her book project.	Transaction	support	Ted Turner's U.N. Foundation	Giver	Better World Campaign	Giver	a supposed straight news reporter	Recipient
Attack	And it's and it's it's you know,  a war of attrition.	Conflict	war
Charge-Indict	a spokesman says that if any charges are filed, they will be on the low end of the misdemeanor scale.	Justice	charges
Meet	``I don't know whether he survived,'' U.S President George W. Bush said of Saddam at a joint news conference with British Prime Minister Tony Blair.	Contact	conference	U.S President George W. Bush	Entity	British Prime Minister Tony Blair	Entity
Elect	Everyone has heard the story: Beatriz Marinello was elected USCF President on August 11, 2003 in Los Angeles.	Personnel	elected	Beatriz Marinello	Person	Los Angeles	Place	USCF	Entity	USCF President	Position	August 11, 2003	Time-Within
Attack	For an idea, here is CNN's Candy Crowley with some war stories.	Conflict	war
Attack	whether or not he was shot by israelis gunfire, we are not certain at this time.	Conflict	shot	israelis	Attacker	he	Target
Attack	As U.S. warplanes dropped bombs near the town, Kurdish fighters moved forward.	Conflict	dropped	U.S. warplanes	Instrument	bombs	Instrument
Elect	The purpose of having a "time limit" would be as a mechanism to ensure compliance with the above principles; that is, you would have a time limit because it would reduce the likelihood that someone would be tempted to violate the above prohibition; it would give the voters time to elect a new EB that would consider the issues objectively.	Personnel	elect	a new EB that would consider the issues objectively	Person	the voters	Entity
Release-Parole	Shares of Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia , a company whose name is so breathtakingly self-promoting it makes me long for the days when every single entity involve in real estate or casinos was called Trump, continues to soar; it rose $1.78, or 7.29%, on news that the company's namesake will star in a new TV show once she, er... gets out of prison.	Justice	gets out	she	Person	prison	Place
Marry	Had a very nice ceremony with a justice of the peace and a small reception for the family members traveling with us.	Life	ceremony	us	Person
Elect	Following the election and recount process exactly as outlined in our state constitution, the democratic candidate won by a margin of less than 200 votes.	Personnel	won	the democratic candidate	Person	state	Place
Attack	A fascinating part of the book is how Fasulo manages to gloss over Annan's role in the 1994 genocide in Rwanda.	Conflict	genocide	Rwanda	Place	1994	Time-Within
Release-Parole	Getting out on parole is usually a reward for good behavior while serving time.	Justice	parole
Die	that if -- she had anything to do with this,  I don't think he would ever tell.	Life	this
Attack	Saddam was so unimpressed by Iraqi casualties, he invaded Kuwait barely two years after the UN-imposed ceasefire.	Conflict	invaded	he	Attacker	barely two years after	Time-At-End
Arrest-Jail	and just to be clear, exactly where -- what kind of facility was it that you arrested him at.	Justice	arrested	you	Agent	him	Person	it that you arrested him at	Place
Die	When the guns begin to fire, when the American men and women are in harm's way and may be dying, is that now the time for you and your allies to shut up and support the troops.	Life	dying	the American men and women	Victim	the American men and women	Victim
Elect	some of the national democratic operatives think john edwards is going to run for president and that he ought to get out and concentrate on being reelected senator of north carolina which won't be easy.	Personnel	reelected	john edwards	Person	senator	Position
End-Position	today the judge in the case retired prince georges county circuit court judge issued a statement to the news media..	Personnel	retired	the judge in the case	Person	prince georges county	Place	prince georges county circuit court	Entity	prince georges county circuit court judge	Position
Attack	ozzy's wife reportedly got into a fight with hollywood agent renee tab.	Conflict	fight	ozzy's wife	Attacker	hollywood agent renee tab	Attacker	ozzy's wife	Target	hollywood agent renee tab	Target
Transfer-Ownership	Gazprom may have arranged some last-minute debt financing, or might have an outside partner, but I seriously doubt they weren't in some way involved with the company that won the auction.	Transaction	won	the company that won the auction	Buyer
Transfer-Ownership	And then MCI just sort of accepted a Verizon deal without really bothering anybody.	Transaction	deal	MCI	Buyer	Verizon	Seller
Attack	I'm joined by J. Kelly McCann, our security analyst, a man who's spent a lot of time learning about urban combat.	Conflict	combat
Attack	that's just one of the ten sniper shootings here in the greater washington area.	Conflict	shootings	here in the greater washington area	Place
Transport	and then when we moved to Alabama there wasn't a lot of family close by.  -for the holiday and it's the only holiday that we actually all get together on.	Movement	moved	Alabama	Destination	we	Artifact
Attack	kay jones in waterford, connecticut, sure, let's invade iran.	Conflict	invade	s	Attacker
Transport	a live picture of the president united states landing at an air field in northern ireland.	Movement	landing	the president united states	Artifact	an air field in northern ireland	Destination
Start-Org	I know they set up the council,  uh, interim council, but that hasn't gone,  you know, perfe- smoothly.	Business	set up	the council	Org	they	Agent
Declare-Bankruptcy	and if it's rejected the largest airline may have to file for bankruptcy.	Business	bankruptcy	the largest airline	Org
Die	It did not give further details or say how the crew died.	Life	died	the crew	Victim
Die	Now, none of this means journalists will ignore unsettling news: military setbacks, lack of supplies, the infliction of civilian casualties.	Life	casualties	civilian	Victim
Transfer-Money	People familiar with Arafat's finances say the Palestinian leader sent Suha $200,000 a month out of the Palestinian Authority's budget for the Office of the President.	Transaction	sent	the Palestinian leader	Giver	the Palestinian Authority	Giver	the Office of the President	Giver	$200,000	Money	Suha	Recipient	a month	Time-Within
Attack	the associated press is reporting that u.s. troops have launched an attack on saddam international airport.	Conflict	attack	u.s. troops	Attacker	saddam international airport	Target
Die	Well it's not -- are you suggesting that when tens and thousands of Iraqi women and children are killed, and when young men and women in this country are unnecessarily put at harm's risk, what should we do.	Life	killed	tens and thousands of Iraqi women and children	Victim	tens and thousands of Iraqi women and children	Victim
Attack	Before the war, Iraqis depended on government rations distributed under the U.N.'s oil-for-food program.	Conflict	war
Sentence	sam waksal, founder and former considers o of imclone is scheduled to be sentenced today.	Justice	sentenced	sam waksal	Defendant	today	Time-Within
Meet	Furthermore, it doesn't matter whether this arrangement is embodied in an EB vote or not, or whether the discussion of the proposal takes place in a formal EB meeting or not.	Contact	meeting	EB	Entity
Transfer-Money	This means that the government of one of the poorest countries in the world was paying Enron 220 million US dollars a year not to produce electricity.	Transaction	paying	the government of one of the poorest countries in the world	Giver	220 million US dollars	Money	Enron	Recipient
Attack	They're saying there will be 1500 sorties in a 24-hour period ending tomorrow.	Conflict	1500 sorties	tomorrow	Time-Ending
Attack	All morning, the Kurds have been trying to advance, and that was the shell going off.	Conflict	going off	the shell	Instrument
End-Position	Our president has repeatedly, for example, relied on a man whom you're aware, Hussein Kamel, Saddam Hussein's son-in-law, leader of the Iraq arms program who defected for a time.	Personnel	defected	leader of the Iraq arms program who defected for a time	Person	Iraq	Entity
Die	Um,  I guess because he didn't murder the baby directly.	Life	murder	the baby	Victim	he	Agent
Elect	Oh, so the topic is elections.	Personnel	elections
Attack	president bush, when he talked earlier to reporters, mentioned that this effort is an effort, this war is an effort to make the homeland, our homeland, more secure.	Conflict	war
Die	a funeral today for lester maddox who died wednesday.	Life	died	who	Victim	wednesday	Time-Within
Meet	Jordan met with the Sixers on Sunday, according to a person close to the situation.	Contact	met	Jordan	Entity	the Sixers	Entity	Sunday	Time-Within
Attack	Make no mistake, even when we don't desire a president with a preference for personal combat, the need for a commander to be seen to share dangers with his men is as imperative today as it was in times of Alexander of Macedon.	Conflict	combat
End-Position	Swenson herself would also leave the NCA.	Personnel	leave	Swenson	Person	the NCA	Entity
Attack	a preemptive strike, is that something that is out there.	Conflict	strike
Attack	Nobody questions whether this is right or not.	Conflict	this
Trial-Hearing	Yeah, we're a pretty small town, so our newspaper covers it a lot.	Justice	it
End-Position	the former minister, the 6 of spades in the deck of cards, showing the most wanted members of the saddam hussein regime.	Personnel	former	the former minister	Person	the saddam hussein regime	Entity	minister	Position
Sentence	they rejected challenges to the law of sentences of 25 years to life without parole for a man convicted of stealing some golf clubs and 50 years for a man who stole some videotapes.	Justice	sentences	a man convicted of stealing some golf clubs	Defendant	a man who stole some videotapes	Defendant	25 years to life without parole	Sentence	50 years	Sentence	stealing some golf clubs	Crime	stole some videotapes	Crime
Attack	while she was on the phone, police say williams picked up the child again and this time, threw her out the window.	Conflict	threw	williams	Attacker	her	Target
Transport	they're coming home for the last time to san diego.	Movement	coming	they	Artifact	san diego	Destination	home	Destination
Attack	We are much more likely to use patience and finesse rather than assault tactics.	Conflict	assault	We	Attacker
Transfer-Money	At scholastic tournaments, no cash prizes are paid.	Transaction	paid
Die	At least 17 Kurdish commanders and their guards were killed, along with an interpreter working for the BBC.	Life	killed	At least 17 Kurdish commanders	Victim	their guards	Victim	an interpreter working for the BBC	Victim
End-Position	The last State Archaeologist, Catherine Slusser, is still around, according to the article, serving the Department of Historical Resources.	Personnel	last	Catherine Slusser	Person	State Archaeologist	Position
Attack	that pilot was hit by at least one missile and some artillery.	Conflict	hit	that pilot	Target	at least one missile	Instrument	some artillery	Instrument
Trial-Hearing	There was a hear on Capitol Hill today.	Justice	hear	Capitol Hill	Place	today	Time-Within
Start-Position	Here to debate medical malpractice reform are consumer advocate Ralph Nader and Dr. Donald Palmisano, the president-elect of the American Medical Association.	Personnel	elect	the president-elect of the American Medical Association	Person	the American Medical Association	Entity
Attack	that is handful more nations that were actively involved in the coalition his father assembled 12 years ago for the persian gulf war, but there is a significant difference, of course.	Conflict	war	persian gulf	Place
Meet	Has the situation improved, especially in the aftermath now of the secretary of state's meeting with Bashar al-Asad.	Contact	meeting	the secretary of state	Entity	Bashar al-Asad	Entity
Arrest-Jail	he was arrested without incident.	Justice	arrested	he	Person
Attack	Because of him millions of palestinians chose "jihad" over peace with Isreal.	Conflict	jihad	millions of palestinians	Attacker	Isreal	Attacker
Sentence	I don't know if they've, I don't know if they've -- um -- given him the death penalty yet.	Justice	given	him	Defendant	the death penalty	Sentence	they	Adjudicator
Sue	Sue them for malpractice, and make the number big enough to get some serious attention.	Justice	Sue	them	Defendant	malpractice	Crime
Attack	Three police stations in Haditha, a small town west of Ramadi, were assaulted by groups of insurgents.	Conflict	assaulted	groups of insurgents	Attacker	Haditha	Place	Three police stations in Haditha, a small town west of Ramadi	Target
Transport	Farther south in Basra, smoke rose over the city as coalition vehicles moved in today.	Movement	moved in	the city	Destination	today	Time-Within	coalition vehicles	Vehicle
Die	The casualty count helps put the ongoing debate about journalistic neutrality into a sharper light.	Life	casualty
Meet	Meanwhile, South Korean officials said Cabinet-level talks scheduled this week between the two Koreas looked unlikely to take place.	Contact	talks	the two Koreas	Entity	this week	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	They also stated that there are lots of places in the world where they continue to work which needs plenty of help too - quite an important reminder because other needy areas of the world are getting less donations now.	Transaction	donations	lots of places in the world where they continue to work which needs plenty of help too	Place	They	Recipient
Attack	in michigan, a second straight night and into this morning, hundreds of people have been rioting in benton harbor.	Conflict	rioting	hundreds of people	Attacker	benton harbor	Place	a second straight night	Time-Holds	this morning	Time-Ending
Phone-Write	They'll also be taking your phone calls.	Contact	calls	They	Entity	your	Entity
Phone-Write	He just called in and we wanted to get this report to you right away.	Contact	called	He	Entity
Charge-Indict	the former chief financial officer became the 50th execute anybody corporate america to be charged since enron's collapse.	Justice	charged	the former chief financial officer	Defendant
Attack	The people are against it.	Conflict	it
Transfer-Money	The electricity that Enron produced was so exorbitant that the government decided it was cheaper not to buy electricity and pay Enron the mandatory fixed charges specified in the contract.	Transaction	pay	the government	Giver	Enron	Recipient
End-Org	The Capital Spectator reports on the latest: Not only China, but India's state oil company has decided to get into the Yukos-dismemberment trade.	Business	dismemberment	Yukos	Org
Phone-Write	I tell you all this not to worry you, but to give you comfort knowing what you hear and see is true and that, despite that, I am safe and will continue to be.	Contact	tell	I	Entity	you	Entity
Marry	The bride was all decked out in her long gown and veil, groom in tux and the other wedding party all dressed to the nines.	Life	wedding	The bride	Person	groom	Person
Attack	On Saturday we hosted what was for the most part a largely successful Halloween party -- save for the fake blood stains on the carpet and bathroom walls, a couple beer spills, unnecessary fights and the expected trashing of the kitchen and living room areas.	Conflict	fights	Saturday	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	In IRS Publication 557, the sample draft articles of incorporation indicate that NO compensation may be paid to directors.	Transaction	compensation	directors	Recipient
Attack	Not to forget I condemned it completely, these terrorist activities,'' Arafat said Monday in halting English, speaking before the Afula bombing.	Conflict	bombing	Afula	Place
Trial-Hearing	Yeah, I heard something about it.	Justice	it
Transport	We just learned that our friend's daughter when to Thailand to visit her father after the wave hit.	Movement	when	our friend's daughter	Artifact	Thailand	Destination
Elect	The clerics had encouraged Sunnis to boycott the elections because of the presence of US and foreign troops.	Personnel	elections
Meet	They had those retreats and things with the leaders.	Contact	retreats	They	Entity	the leaders	Entity
Marry	You're hosting a wedding reception.	Life	wedding
Die	President Bush vows a final push to victory and he mourns the loss of fallen Marines.	Life	fallen	fallen Marines	Victim
Attack	Under Barghouti, the Tanzim has also carried out suicide bombings in Israel under the name al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades.	Conflict	bombings	the Tanzim	Attacker	Israel	Place
Transport	We will approach Baghdad.	Movement	approach	We	Artifact	Baghdad	Destination
Phone-Write	you can e-mail us -- this done count, sorry.	Contact	e-mail	you	Entity	us	Entity
Attack	other parts of the global terror network may view this as a moment to strike, thinking that we're distracted.	Conflict	strike	other parts of the global terror network	Attacker
Transport	Baghdad is now within striking distance as troops make their final thrust through the desert.	Movement	thrust	their	Artifact	Baghdad	Destination	the desert	Origin
Declare-Bankruptcy	Since you gave your uncle the shares prior to his discharge, the shares should have become assets available to the bankruptcy estate for the satisfaction of debts.	Business	bankruptcy	his	Org
Transport	We take our own cars to every tournament, even ones down in Maryland.	Movement	take	We	Agent	Maryland	Destination	our own cars	Vehicle
Attack	In a horribly deceitful manner, the Brady Campaign has released "report cards" for every state on their gun laws that supposedly shield children from gun violence.	Conflict	violence	their	Place	children	Target	gun	Instrument
Transport	The vast majority of the coalition ground troops in Iraq are moving toward Baghdad from the south after entering from Kuwait.	Movement	moving	the coalition ground troops in Iraq	Artifact	Kuwait	Destination	Baghdad	Origin
Transport	It's now just one day until I hop in the car and head back in time to the loveliest village on the Plains...Auburn, Alabama.	Movement	head	the loveliest village on the Plains	Destination	one day until I hop in the car	Time-Within	the car	Vehicle	I	Artifact	I	Agent
Attack	the dying regime if iraq may try to bring terror to our shore shores.	Conflict	terror	the dying regime if iraq	Attacker	our shore shores	Place
Attack	Prof Gary Mauser said that Britain was making the same mistake as Canada and Australia in focusing on legal owners - a section of the law-abiding community where gun crimes, such as the Dunblane massacre, were aberrations.	Conflict	massacre	gun	Instrument	Dunblane	Place
Convict	the documents regarding this case, wolf, were just unsealed he pled guilty to two counts back on may 1st, because of the extreme sensitivity of the case, details about the plea arrangement were kept under seal.	Justice	pled guilty	he	Defendant	two counts	Crime	may 1st	Time-Within
Sue	that's interesting because leading into it, while she was new jersey governor, she sued the epa and she was very much considering herself to be an environmentalist, and then only to end up becoming the head of the epa and then of course, there was a lot of criticism over relaxed regulations.	Justice	sued	the epa	Defendant	she	Plaintiff
Attack	uh, spoke out against the war publicly and he got reprimanded for it.	Conflict	war
Declare-Bankruptcy	american airlines may soon have a new destination as well, bankruptcy court.	Business	bankruptcy	american airlines	Org
Merge-Org	In the latest edition, staff writer Jeremy M. Lazarus reports that the Legislative Black Caucus celebrated killing a bill that would have merged the Department of Minority Business Enterprise (DMBE) with the Department of Business Assistance (DBA.	Business	merged	the Department of Minority Business Enterprise (DMBE	Org	the Department of Business Assistance (DBA	Org
Elect	In Washington State, the election has to be not only free and fair, but also "perfect.	Personnel	election	Washington State	Place
Attack	A man in this vehicle took a pot shot at the commandos.	Conflict	pot shot	A man in this vehicle	Attacker	the commandos	Target
Die	I think that now he's gone, his family is still around, and.	Life	gone	he	Victim
Die	those who wept when his mother, princess di anna, died, apparently transfered their affection to her eldest son.	Life	died	his mother	Victim
Phone-Write	It's too bad those NOAA people hadn't used the telephone.	Contact	used	those NOAA people	Entity
Attack	But they do believe the pictures out of Baghdad today, on the one hand, send as powerful a message as you can send to the people in the Arab world who have criticized this war.	Conflict	war
Attack	We cannot forgive this war," Miyako Fuji, 20, one of the rally's organisers told Jiji news agency.	Conflict	war
Attack	The United States Navy and Coast Guard crews are providing port security in the Persian Gulf during the Iraq war.	Conflict	war	Iraq	Place
Declare-Bankruptcy	the flight attendants came in with a close vote rejecting these concessions so the ceo has extended the deadline today, if they don't ratify these agreements, amr will have to file for bankruptcy.	Business	bankruptcy	amr	Org	today	Time-After
Attack	across the globe, spain and america will continue as strong allys in the war against terror.	Conflict	war	spain	Attacker	america	Attacker
Phone-Write	it was said to be saddam hussein's response to a letter from his niece.	Contact	letter	saddam hussein	Entity	his niece	Entity
Attack	Before going in (with a full assault), you have to decide if it's worth the risks, and ... you have to know who's there in the way of Iraqi forces and the amount of potential damage to civilians,'' he said.	Conflict	assault
Marry	that woman, we believe s married to one of two journalists who disappeared in iraq almost two weeks ago, both work other for the network, itn.	Life	married	that woman	Person	one of two journalists who disappeared in iraq almost two weeks ago	Person
End-Position	But on the subject of succession, those two look like role models compared with insurance giant American International Group Inc. ( AIG ), whose aging CEO has no plans to retire.	Personnel	retire	aging CEO	Person	whose	Entity
Elect	Of course, I'm sure the Democrats would also like to start winning elections again.	Personnel	elections
Transport	And one more safe Marine is one more Marine that can continue on north to Baghdad.	Movement	continue on	that	Artifact	Baghdad	Destination
Attack	They're expecting a total at this particular base near the Iraqi border of 300 sorties in a 24-hour period ending today according to the Air Force total from all the bases and there are more than 30 bases in 12 different countries in the Middle East according to the Pentagon.	Conflict	300 sorties	today	Time-Ending
Transport	Go down SW Parkway until you come to Welsh (stoplight.	Movement	come	you	Artifact	Welsh	Destination	SW Parkway	Origin
End-Position	Then, the AD and President get canned, a booster starts down the long road to shun-ville, and Tuberville keeps smiling and saying the right things.	Personnel	canned	the AD and President	Person	the AD and President	Person
End-Position	You might also want to be wary if the CEO or a bunch of other top executives have been replaced.	Personnel	replaced	the CEO	Person	a bunch of other top executives	Person
Die	One is the death of Yasser Arafat.	Life	death	Yasser Arafat	Victim
Start-Position	They're appointing her ta- to a new position, and I was surprised about Ashcroft.	Personnel	appointing	her	Person
Attack	that is especially true if you have a loved one in the war zone.	Conflict	war
Attack	We go to war in Iraq, it would be the worst thing we can do.	Conflict	war	We	Attacker	Iraq	Place
Attack	So, I mean, i- -- you know,  uh, how we consider -- Arafat a terrorist,  we also should consider that -- could've been, in some ways, a reaction to some of the terrorism that was -- initially -- committed by the Israelis.	Conflict	terrorism	the Israelis	Attacker
Transport	Ocalan was moved by the government to its embassy compound in Kenya, where he was captured by Turkish commandos.	Movement	moved	Ocalan	Artifact	its embassy compound in Kenya, where he was captured by Turkish commandos	Destination	the government	Agent
Convict	He asked the court to invalidate the verdict and throw out the criminal case against Pasko, they said.	Justice	verdict	Pasko	Defendant	the court	Adjudicator
Attack	When the war starts, your heart will be in our souls.	Conflict	war
Start-Position	And families who hire cheap domestic labor, whether to clean the house, wash the laundry or maintain the lawn.	Personnel	hire	cheap domestic labor	Person
Divorce	Divorce really sucks.	Life	Divorce
Start-Position	They were doing all these talks in Camp David and and it should have just continued when Br- Bush came into office.	Personnel	came	Bush	Person
Attack	Israel said there will be no letup in its campaign against those involved in violence.	Conflict	violence	those involved in violence	Attacker
Convict	In this case the offender escaped conviction first time around because it was accepted that he attempted to get rid of the keys, which supposedly landed in his lap.	Justice	conviction	the offender	Defendant
Attack	and we are told that, of those, 850 were strike sorties, motor vehicle most of those directed against the republican guard.	Conflict	strike	the republican guard	Target
Charge-Indict	stewart is vowing to clear her name of the charges.	Justice	charges	her	Defendant
Divorce	despite prince charles' ugly divorce with princess di anna, the affection between father and son is now palpable and enviable.	Life	divorce	prince charles	Person	princess di anna	Person
Transfer-Money	Because someone pays money in a case, the insurance company may pay money because they're afraid there's is going to be a giant award in this case because of this broken liability system.	Transaction	pays	someone	Giver
Phone-Write	Letter writing, you know, is sometimes called a lost art in this age of electronic communication.	Contact	writing
Attack	The April 19, 1995, bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah federal building was the deadliest terrorist strike on American soil at the time.	Conflict	bombing	American soil	Place	the Alfred P. Murrah federal building	Target	April 19, 1995	Time-Within
Meet	The commitee action comes two days before House and Senate budget conferees are expected to begin negotiating differences in the respective proposals.	Contact	negotiating	House and Senate budget conferees	Entity
Attack	An apparent friendly fire incident in northern Iraq is taking more of a toll on Kurdish leaders than we knew at first.	Conflict	fire	northern Iraq	Place	Kurdish leaders	Target
Transport	students then were moved across the street to a senior high school.	Movement	moved	students	Artifact	a senior high school	Destination
Transport	And the way seems to be open for coalition forces to close in on the city's southern limits.	Movement	close in	coalition forces	Artifact	the city's southern limits	Destination
Charge-Indict	Amid the financial storms last year and the ensuing cracking down on corporate malfeasance, Waksal pleaded guilty in October to charges involving his efforts to sell a huge block of his company' s stock in late 2001.	Justice	charges	Waksal	Defendant	his efforts to sell a huge block of his company' s stock in late 2001	Crime	last year	Time-Within
Transfer-Ownership	To the far north, U.S. special forces and Kurdish militiamen captured the town of Bardarash and a nearby bridge, one of few routes into the city of Mosul near government-held oil fields.	Transaction	captured	U.S. special forces	Beneficiary	Kurdish militiamen	Beneficiary	a nearby bridge	Artifact	the town of Bardarash	Place
Attack	meanwhile, islamic jihad is claiming responsibility for a bombing today at a small israeli grocery store in israel, but near the west bank board.	Conflict	bombing	islamic jihad	Attacker	the west bank board	Place	a small israeli grocery store in israel	Target	today	Time-Within
Attack	Anyone remember Khomeini's declaration in 1982 that Iran wouldn't stop fighting until they overthrew Saddam.	Conflict	fighting	Iran	Attacker	they	Attacker	Iran	Place	Saddam	Target	1982	Time-Within
End-Position	has resigned.	Personnel	resigned
Transport	putin and his wife left for the official reception that you're seeing now here in central london.	Movement	left	putin	Artifact	his wife	Artifact	here in central london	Destination
Attack	That's why his father didn't want to invade Iraq, because of all these problems they're having now.	Conflict	invade	his father	Attacker	Iraq	Place
Meet	I'm in charge of getting everyone excited about contacting organizations so Marcella can meet with them.	Contact	meet	Marcella	Entity	them	Entity
Attack	clearly some frustration with the sharon government in israel in the wake of these attacks in gaza.	Conflict	attacks	gaza	Place
Transport	With the power out now in Baghdad, we're getting word that loudspeakers have been blaring in the Iraqi capital, urging citizens to go to the international airport there, presumably to defend it against coalition forces.	Movement	go	citizens	Artifact	the international airport there	Destination	the Iraqi capital	Origin
Attack	looks like tracer fire we're looking at, anti-aircraft guns firing at what they sense is some sort of threat coming from the skies.	Conflict	firing	anti-aircraft guns	Instrument
Phone-Write	Let's see, my first call I got was from Russia.	Contact	call	Russia	Place	I	Entity
Elect	Everyone, everywhere should have the basic right to elect their government.	Personnel	elect	everywhere	Place	their government	Entity
Transport	but a joyous day for 5,000 sailors and marines and friends and family in the san diego, california area because the giant u.s. carrier constellation is now returning home from the war in iraq.	Movement	returning	the giant u.s. carrier	Vehicle	home	Destination	iraq	Origin	now	Time-Within
Injure	When you get in the severe stage, you know, you get out once a week and do what you have to do- because my husband doesn't drive, because of coordination problems from a head injury- -- and that puts you out for the rest of the week.	Life	injury	my husband	Victim
Attack	is the u.s. going to war.	Conflict	war	the u.s	Attacker
Attack	Add the tactic of booby-trapping your own dead to the effective suicide bombings, and it's clear to say that the Geneva Convention isn't on the minds of the insurgents.	Conflict	bombings
Sentence	As for how long it lasts, I would say that it lasts for the rest of your sentence, but I'm not sure about that.	Justice	sentence	your	Defendant
Die	I would have shot the insurgent too.	Life	shot	the insurgent	Victim
Attack	Overnight and early this morning, the tanks and Bradley fighting vehicles of the 3rd Infantry Division backed by the Apache attack helicopters of the 11th Aviation Regiment punched through the Republican Guard defenses in and around Karbala.	Conflict	punched through	the 3rd Infantry Division	Attacker	the 11th Aviation Regiment	Attacker	Karbala	Place	Republican Guard	Target	the tanks and Bradley fighting vehicles of the 3rd Infantry Division	Instrument	the tanks and Bradley fighting vehicles of the 3rd Infantry Division	Instrument	the Apache attack helicopters of the 11th Aviation Regiment	Instrument
Die	He's the father of a little girl, 13-month-old girl, who he said today died because of medical malpractice.	Life	died	who	Victim
Attack	But first, more scenes from today's fighting in Baghdad.	Conflict	fighting	Baghdad	Place	today	Time-Within
Transport	The troops have moved into Safwan.	Movement	moved	The troops	Artifact	Safwan	Destination
Transport	they're heading to quinn joe.	Movement	heading	they	Artifact	quinn joe	Destination
Transfer-Money	And the entire pay-out to all of the victims that get a little money, not the 90 percent who never file a claim, amounts to less than what we spend on dog food.	Transaction	pay-out	all of the victims that get a little money	Recipient
Charge-Indict	prosecutors charge lindsey ryan with stealing firearms from her parents' home.	Justice	charge	lindsey ryan	Defendant	prosecutors	Prosecutor	stealing firearms from her parents' home	Crime
Attack	Now precisely what they're hitting to the south of us is unclear but my understanding is that there are further Iraqi positions in that direction as well.	Conflict	hitting	they	Attacker
Attack	Interim Chairperson of the Commission of the African  Union (AU) Amara Essy has strongly condemned the coup d'etat that took place in the Central Africa Republic on March 15, 2003.	Conflict	coup	the Central Africa Republic	Place	March 15, 2003	Time-Within
Transport	that is when american airlines flight 903 ran into trouble on a trip from boston to miami.	Movement	trip	american airlines flight 903	Vehicle	american airlines	Agent	miami	Destination	boston	Origin
Convict	Faisal was convicted in May 2002 for publishing false and exaggerated information abroad that harmed the government's reputation and dignity.	Justice	convicted	Faisal	Defendant	publishing false and exaggerated information abroad that harmed the government's reputation and dignity	Crime	May 2002	Time-Within
Attack	Police were investigating the cause of the explosion in the restroom of the multistory Crocodile Cafe in the commercial district of Kizilay during the morning rush hour.	Conflict	explosion	the restroom of the multistory Crocodile Cafe in the commercial district of Kizilay	Place	the commercial district of Kizilay	Place	the morning rush hour	Time-Within
Attack	The Medina division, which is one of the toughest outfits in the Republican Guard is now down to 10 percent of its fighting strength.	Conflict	fighting	its	Attacker
Charge-Indict	He had also been accused of siphoning millions of dollars from Project Coast to finance a lavish, globe-trotting lifestyle and of selling drugs.	Justice	accused	He	Defendant	siphoning millions of dollars from Project Coast to finance a lavish, globe-trotting lifestyle and of selling drugs	Crime
Transport	but it wasn't actually for peace but was to try to find a way to ((send)) the Israelis out of Jerusalem in the areas that they wanted.	Movement	send	they	Agent	the areas that they wanted	Destination	Jerusalem	Origin	the Israelis	Artifact
Attack	i think that hamas is ready to join the political process, however, if the only price for the political price is you must fight hamas, if that's what they are requiring abu mazen to do, they are almost mandating that he will fail.	Conflict	fight	you	Attacker	hamas	Target
Transfer-Money	I've heard mostly positive things about how the Red Cross is handling their donations, with a very high percentage of the donated funds going directly for relief and not for administrative expenses.	Transaction	donations	the Red Cross	Recipient
Attack	Marines interviewed on Tuesday said they didn't see the shooting as a scandal, rather the act of a comrade who faced intense pressure during the effort to quell the insurgency in the city.	Conflict	shooting	a comrade who faced intense pressure during the effort to quell the insurgency in the city	Attacker	the city	Place
Elect	The recent Iraq election was boycott by the Sunnis which constitute about 20% of the population.	Personnel	election	Iraq	Place	recent	Time-Within
Transport	the soyuz will carry that crew back to earth may 4th.	Movement	carry	the soyuz	Vehicle	that crew	Artifact	earth	Destination	may 4th	Time-Starting
Attack	6:03 a.m. eastern time, seven americans who had been prisoners of war in iraq make a public appearance at the medical center in germany.	Conflict	war
Transfer-Ownership	Yet, Washington maintains a 12-year ban on arms sales to the world's most populous Muslim nation with the aim of curbing human rights abuses still happening despite momentous political change.	Transaction	sales	arms	Artifact	Washington	Seller	the world's most populous Muslim nation	Buyer	12-year	Time-Within
Attack	all one of the many young faces that bear the heavy mark of war.	Conflict	war
Attack	Are they supposed to be neutral on the outcome of the war.	Conflict	war
Die	Well, the journalists' death raise questions about the tactics of U.S. troops trying to take control of Baghdad.	Life	death	the journalists	Victim	U.S. troops trying to take control of Baghdad	Agent
Attack	CNN medical correspondent, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, has been traveling with the Devil Docs throughout the war and now they are close to Baghdad.	Conflict	war
Start-Position	they're not just sitting there hiring people to do their business.	Personnel	hiring	people	Person
Marry	Giuliani's first marriage to his second cousin, Regina Peruggi, lasted about 14 years.	Life	marriage	Giuliani	Person	his second cousin	Person	about 14 years	Time-Before
Attack	Exactly, in that market and I think it was pretty apparent when you looked at the video of that market, if that had been a U.S. bomb or a U.S. cruise missile, that market would have been obliterated.	Conflict	obliterated	that market	Target	a U.S. bomb	Instrument	a U.S. cruise missile	Instrument
Meet	A U.S. official said the North Koreans implied during the talks that they have nuclear weapons and that they may conduct a test.	Contact	talks	the North Koreans	Entity
Die	And the thing is that if we can disarm them without actually going there, killing them, I really think that we maintain our moral authority around the world.	Life	killing	we	Agent	there	Place
Attack	In fact, CBS and carrier landings notwithstanding, there is every indication that in the peak of youth he avoided the dangers of war as much as he could.	Conflict	war
Charge-Indict	the government also filed civil charges against her.	Justice	charges	her	Defendant	the government	Prosecutor	civil	Crime
Attack	they fired off 50 tomahawk missiles during "operation iraqi freedom.	Conflict	fired	they	Attacker	50 tomahawk missiles	Instrument
Die	nor is there any evidence linking any individual to the deadly anthrax ledders.	Life	deadly	anthrax	Instrument
Transport	Thousands of fresh US troops headed for Iraq Thursday as British Prime Minister Tony Blair and US President George W. Bush discussed the effort to oust Saddam Hussein, which some senior US military officials warn could last months.	Movement	headed	Thousands of fresh US troops	Artifact	Iraq	Origin	Thursday	Time-Within
Transport	Also the Pentagon is seeing lighter than expected resistance indicating at least that they may have really seriously degraded those Republican Guard divisions before the U.S. troops arrived, both in Karbala and also in Al Kut.	Movement	arrived	the U.S. troops	Artifact	Karbala	Destination	Al Kut	Destination
Marry	Either its bad or good.	Life	it
Attack	Saddam posed a threat to Saudia, Kuwait, and the British oil protectorates along the Gulf - that is why we invaded, stupid.	Conflict	invaded	we	Attacker	the Gulf	Place	Saddam	Target
Arrest-Jail	The company's performance wasn't all that hot even before the CEO went to prison, and until very recently the stock price reflected that.	Justice	went	the CEO	Person	prison	Place
Transfer-Money	The only thing that being a UACC member means is that they paid membership dues.	Transaction	paid	they	Giver	UACC	Recipient
Trial-Hearing	She was not tried in the deaths of the other two.	Justice	tried	She	Defendant	the deaths of the other two	Crime
Attack	Earlier in the day, the 1st Brigade of the 3rd Infantry Division took Karbala with a minimum of fight.	Conflict	fight	the 1st Brigade of the 3rd Infantry Division	Attacker	Karbala	Place	Earlier in the day	Time-Within
Transport	So if the US leaves its possible we could see Iraq carved up between the groups.	Movement	leaves	the US	Agent	Iraq	Origin
Attack	So, if they can just sort of make a -- be- get into more of a supportive role and,  you know, flex their muscles when they need to and maybe that will help- help,  uh,  squall some of the vi- the violence.	Conflict	violence
Attack	Additionally, their ability to use chemical and biological weapons, they've proven it historically.	Conflict	use	chemical and biological weapons	Instrument	their	Attacker
Declare-Bankruptcy	Probably not. But if he was required to list the shares in bankruptcy filings, and didn't, the answer may be different.	Business	bankruptcy	he	Org
Meet	Representatives of those countries will meet with British officials May 7 and Polish officials May 22 to determine what forces each country will contribute and whether they will be put under British or Polish command.	Contact	meet	Representatives of those countries	Entity	British officials	Entity	Polish officials	Entity	May 7	Time-Within	May 22	Time-Within
Attack	the idea of the smoke screen is to obscure the oncoming forces fire ing at you from being able to see.	Conflict	fire	you	Target	the oncoming forces fire ing at you	Attacker
Transport	I'm glad to see them go this one says.	Movement	go	them	Artifact
Die	He's in heaven,'' the commander in chief told the family of one fallen Marine in a private moment.	Life	fallen	He	Victim
End-Position	people in baghdad celebrate the fall of a leader whose fate is unknown tonight.	Personnel	fall	a leader whose fate is unknown tonight	Person
Attack	Around dawn Thursday, strikes resumed, with a massive explosion just outside the Kurdish zone close to the village of Kalak.	Conflict	strikes	Around dawn Thursday	Time-Starting
Transfer-Ownership	it was hand delivered to harrod harrod's by the new chief executive nick paxton who wouldn't trust its futcher to anyone else.	Transaction	delivered	it	Artifact	harrod	Buyer
Transfer-Money	Money from private donations has been flowing into charitable relief organizations at an unprecedented rate, in some cases by millions of dollars per hour.	Transaction	donations	millions of dollars	Money	charitable relief organizations	Recipient
Meet	the "l.a. times" reporting that negotiations continuing and will resume tomorrow.	Contact	negotiations	tomorrow	Time-Starting
Be-Born	I know they're also -- I've been reading some articles lately about they're -- thinking about, uh,  uh,  why should only a native born person be allowed to, uh, be President.	Life	born	a native born person	Person
Meet	They said that North Korea claimed during a pause in the formal talks that it already had nuclear weapons, but would give up the program in return for economic aid and security guarantees.	Contact	talks	North Korea	Entity
Die	and I think he did.	Life	did	he	Agent
Die	they use the gunships to kill, we think, not less than 50,000 inhabitants of southern iraq and trying to do that to the kurds, as well, so it was a knife edge.	Life	kill	the gunships	Instrument	not less than 50,000 inhabitants of southern iraq	Victim	they	Agent
Sentence	cnn financial news correspondent chris huntington is outside the federal courthouse where sentencing is underway.	Justice	sentencing	where	Place
Transport	U.S. forces moving ever closer to Baghdad, but military officials say they are not counting on capitulation.	Movement	moving	U.S. forces	Artifact	Baghdad	Destination
Divorce	Divorce seems really really stupid.	Life	Divorce
Attack	It's a matter of, uh -- I mean, it's more than just land,  it's a, um,  conflict of- -- of,  um, hatred,  uh, and racism, I mean, eh, different types of people, um, they don't like each other.	Conflict	conflict	they	Attacker
Injure	No injuries reported.	Life	injuries
Attack	And, says the Iraqi opposition, in winning this war.	Conflict	war
Transport	just about to come home.	Movement	come	home	Destination
Die	then the texas woman accused of hitting a man with her car, driving home about him stuck to her windshield and leaving him there to die.	Life	die	her car	Instrument	him	Victim	the texas woman accused of hitting a man with her car, driving home about him stuck to her windshield and leaving him there to die	Agent
Phone-Write	LaDouce says e-mails were dispatched to Indonesian officials, but he doesn't know what happened to the information.	Contact	e-mails	Indonesian officials	Entity
Sentence	he was sentenced in an sten shah to 124 years in prison.	Justice	sentenced	he	Defendant	124 years in prison	Sentence
Transport	Or what if I were in a bar with the car outside, keys in my pocket, but I've decided I'll take the train home later.	Movement	take	I	Artifact	home	Destination	a bar	Origin
Attack	Flying the US flag and reciting the pledge of allegiance, they outnumbered their anti-war counterparts by three to one.	Conflict	war
End-Position	CNN's Richard Roth has more on this once prominent frontman for the Iraqi regime.	Personnel	once	this once prominent frontman for the Iraqi regime	Person	the Iraqi regime	Entity
Die	There has always been that urban legend that the Israeli secret police murdered the Shah of Iran by infecting him with plutonium, which manifested itself into terminal lung cancer.	Life	murdered	plutonium, which manifested itself into terminal lung cancer	Instrument	the Shah of Iran	Victim	the Israeli secret police	Agent
Meet	A statement issued at the two-day meeting of the EU foreign ministers called on Iran to conclude and implement urgently and unconditionally an additional protocol to the Nuclear Non- Proliferation Treaty allowing for short-notice inspections of suspected nuclear sites in the country.	Contact	meeting	the EU foreign ministers	Entity	two-day	Time-Holds
Transport	they'll arrive in january.	Movement	arrive	they	Artifact	january	Time-Within
Attack	i want to thank the president for spain's diplomatic support before the conflict.	Conflict	conflict
Transport	we're told the russian president vladimir putin was greeted by prince charles as he arrived in london today.	Movement	arrived	the russian president vladimir putin	Artifact	london	Destination	today	Time-Within
Appeal	the stay was granted to give the school districts involved in the initial cases 90 days to appeal to the u.s. supreme court here in washington.	Justice	appeal	washington	Place	the u.s. supreme court here in washington	Adjudicator	the school districts involved in the initial cases	Plaintiff	90 days	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	I'm not a lawyer, but it seems to me to be similar to reimbursing a board member for a babysitter, which no one questions.	Transaction	reimbursing	a board member	Recipient
Phone-Write	this evening, about 8:45 p.m., members of my fugitive unit received a telephone call from an informtive saying they thought that they had observed the suspect derrick lee in the area of woods drive and donald lee holland parkway in southwest atlanta.	Contact	call	members of my fugitive unit	Entity	an informtive	Entity
Elect	The next election will be the one with more legitimacy.	Personnel	election
Attack	Again, America has LPDR under its control, and America can launch airstrikes and ground units from Laos.	Conflict	airstrikes	America	Attacker	Laos	Place
Attack	Instead of an all-out assault, analysts expect the United States to follow the example of British forces outside the southern Iraqi city of Basra.	Conflict	assault	the United States	Attacker
Appeal	taco ball is appealing.	Justice	appealing	taco ball	Plaintiff
End-Org	Needless to say, Wynn sold when everyone else bought, and he made it through the cannibalizing near-collapse those casinos faced in the early 90's.	Business	collapse	those casinos	Org	the early 90's	Time-Within
Meet	We did talk about what happens, depending on the evolution of things on the ground,'' Annan said.	Contact	talk	We	Entity
Transfer-Money	It shouldn't surprise Buckeye fans either, since Tressel had similar problems at Youngstown State, and left a wake of controversy behind himself there as well, including (surprise) illegal benefits including cash, cars, grade fixing, etc.	Transaction	benefits
Start-Position	asking the Interim ED to designate someone from the New Windsor staff to act as move coordinator.	Personnel	designate	someone from the New Windsor staff	Person	move coordinator	Position
Phone-Write	Is that -- is that the one where somebody called a news.	Contact	called	somebody	Entity
Die	in october of 1985, four hijackers under his command took over the italian cruise ship "achille lauro" and killed a wheelchair- bound american tourist, leo klinghoffer.	Life	killed	a wheelchair- bound american tourist	Victim	four hijackers under his command	Agent	october of 1985	Time-Within
Phone-Write	greg lynch says that when he talked to his daughter she hadn't eaten in eight days and was quite hungry.	Contact	talked	greg lynch	Entity	his daughter	Entity
Transport	to go out of the country as part of our New Year's.	Movement	go	our	Artifact	the country	Origin
Trial-Hearing	today's motions hearing just part of the preliminary skirmishing.	Justice	hearing	today	Time-Within
Attack	This was the most vicious and blatantly dirty play I have seen in the NFL since Jim McMahon was body slammed to the ground in the mid 80's about five seconds after he had released a pass.	Conflict	slammed	Jim McMahon	Target	the mid 80's	Time-Within	about five seconds after he had released a pass	Time-At-End
Attack	just as they disappear over the ridge, you can hear the planes and the explosions and then you see the cloud.	Conflict	explosions
Phone-Write	All the guests were folks who had met the bride and groom (an attractive young couple who were sailing alone) virtually on cruisecritic.	Contact	met	folks who had met the bride and groom (an attractive young couple who were sailing alone) virtually on cruisecritic	Entity	the bride and groom (an attractive young couple who were sailing alone	Entity	the bride and groom (an attractive young couple who were sailing alone	Entity
Elect	Uh, do you think there is uh -- some other, uh like -- positions has to be has been -- has to be created, like uh -- for the next election.	Personnel	election
Be-Born	As a result, only about 100 girls are born for every 119 boys, because couples traditionally favor males.	Life	born	only about 100 girls	Person	every 119 boys	Person
Merge-Org	And then, and then when we finish merging, they give the guy something like a twenty-five million dollar package, and if he dies, his family still gets all the money.	Business	merging	we	Org
Transport	but instead, 2,000 showed up because they heard about it on the radio.	Movement	showed up	2,000	Artifact
Sentence	he should get the death penalty, just like saddam, 60 times over.	Justice	death penalty	he	Defendant	the death penalty	Sentence
Transfer-Money	This is why we want to let you know that at this time, MSF estimates that we have received sufficient funds for our currently foreseen emergency response in South Asia.	Transaction	received	South Asia	Place	we	Recipient
Die	the official resident of that condo, the man now charged with her murder, michael serious.	Life	murder	her	Victim	the man now charged with her murder	Agent
Meet	And, uh,  it would've -- gone an- a little farther to encourage them to, you know, be willing to sit down at the table with us, at least, you know.	Contact	sit down	them	Entity	us	Entity
Transfer-Ownership	Yes, we got uh purchased by our strategic partner, so um.	Transaction	purchased	we	Artifact	our strategic partner	Buyer
Transfer-Money	Though, of course, there's always the chance that these fund managers were stupid and shortsighted, not actually criminal; apparently, the money stolen was lent to or invested in companies the managers controlled -- so they're guilty of front-running, at the least.	Transaction	lent	companies the managers controlled	Recipient
Transport	It's -- yes, it's extremely dangerous, because once you enter these buildings, we found, actually, enemy, you know, guarding these sites.	Movement	enter	you	Artifact	these buildings	Destination
Transport	then we have to come up with the fuel that will take it out of the earth's orbit all the way to mars.	Movement	take	it	Artifact	mars	Destination
Demonstrate	Riot police intervened after the protestors, who included hundreds of students from the American University in Cairo, rallied on the city's central Tahrir Square, close to both the university campus and the US embassy.	Conflict	rallied	the city's central Tahrir Square, close to both the university campus and the US embassy	Place	the protestors, who included hundreds of students from the American University in Cairo	Entity
Execute	But I think he would be the first in, in a really long time to actually -- be killed.	Justice	killed	he	Person
Attack	and he has made the point repeatedly in interview after interview that he has never claimed to speak for god, nor has he claimed that this is "god's war.	Conflict	war
Transport	going out on the Sensation in March for our 18th anniverary.	Movement	going	the Sensation	Vehicle	our	Artifact	March	Time-Within
Transport	I don't know if that could, uh,  if that's a -- plausible goal or not because, uh, it's just that- that -- a lot of that's, you know,  uh, weapons and terrorists have been, you know, getting through the borders, probably from Syria.	Movement	getting through	terrorists	Artifact	Syria	Origin	the borders	Destination
Phone-Write	Chad Hensley, from Fairfax, Virginia, writes, "France, Russia and German have all multi-billion dollar oil deals with Saddam in Iraq.	Contact	writes	Chad Hensley, from Fairfax, Virginia	Entity
Attack	Congressman Rangel, a couple of months ago Senator Daschle on CBS said -- made the charge that we are, quote, "we haven't made any real progress in the war against al Qaeda.	Conflict	war	we	Attacker	al Qaeda	Target
Demonstrate	chalabi staged his own rally yesterday to support his bid to become the next leader of iraq.	Conflict	rally	chalabi	Entity	yesterday	Time-Within
Demonstrate	Well Judy, this is the largest group really we've seen of the support the troops rallies that have been over the last few weeks.	Conflict	rallies	over the last few weeks	Time-Within
Attack	i would support military action in iran if it helps to stabilize that area of the world.	Conflict	action	iran	Place
Transport	We're going over there, we're saying,  look, this is how we do it -- and, um, i- -- so we think everybody else should be that way.	Movement	going	We	Agent	there	Destination
Attack	After days of fierce fighting that shut down the city of Umm Qasr, Iraqi youths cheered and swarmed British troops as they handed out yellow meal packets and bottles of water Wednesday.	Conflict	fighting	the city of Umm Qasr	Place
Attack	On Sunday, Sharon's Cabinet conditionally approved the ``road map,'' a three-phase plan that begins with a halt to violence and envisages a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip in 2005.	Conflict	violence
Die	but it's not clear whether the people buried there are victims of regime atrocities, or whether it's simply a military graveyard.	Life	atrocities	the people buried there	Victim	regime	Agent
Attack	It's true, Hentoff said, that the U.N. issued a report in 1999 that acknowledged, to some extent, its role in the killings.	Conflict	killings	its	Attacker
Attack	Still to come: warfare amid the celebrations in Baghdad.	Conflict	warfare	Baghdad	Place
Attack	From the Associated Press : "You go to war with the Army you have," Rumsfeld replied, "not the Army you might want or wish to have.	Conflict	war	You	Attacker
Demonstrate	The poor protested and were subdued by President Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada?s security forces.	Conflict	protested	The poor	Entity
Appeal	Grigory Pasko's lawyer Genri Reznik filed the appeal with Russian Supreme Court, the Interfax and ITAR-Tass news agencies reported.	Justice	appeal	Russian Supreme Court	Adjudicator	Grigory Pasko	Plaintiff
Die	some of them critically.	Life	critically	some of them	Victim
Attack	And I was just curious if you feel that the attack on Iraq would actually open a Pandora's box in other Middle Eastern countries that we are known to aid and harbor terrorists, such as Syria and Iran.	Conflict	attack
Attack	The 600 journalists embedded with American troops in Iraq will be threatened by the same fire as the troops they are covering.	Conflict	fire	The 600 journalists embedded with American troops in Iraq	Target	the troops they are covering	Target
Die	they have many many worse crimes going on in California, parents killing their children and everything, that you would think -- would would, um -- you know, be.	Life	killing	their children	Victim	parents	Agent	California	Place
Transport	Future airlifts into the area will include supplies and support personnel for the 173rd's fighters, defense officials said.	Movement	airlifts	support personnel for the 173rd's fighters	Artifact	the area	Destination	Future	Time-Within
Transport	If these patrols meet little opposition, thousands of troops could rush into the city.	Movement	rush	thousands of troops	Artifact	the city	Destination
Be-Born	you were telling me this little beautiful boy was born two days after deployment.	Life	born	this little beautiful boy	Person	two days after deployment	Time-Within
Meet	They also said that the EU was closely following the nuclear issue and would revert it to the forthcoming debate of the IAEA meeting on Tuesday.	Contact	meeting	IAEA	Entity	Tuesday	Time-Within
Start-Position	We welcome the appointment by the United Nations Secretary- General of a special adviser for Iraq to work with the people of Iraq and coalition representatives," the statement added.	Personnel	appointment	a special adviser for Iraq to work with the people of Iraq and coalition representatives	Person	United Nations	Entity
Meet	In a likely reference to North Korea's demand for a nonaggression treaty with Washington, KCNA said: ``The U.S. should settle the talks from a sincere stand and strive to settle the essential issue.	Contact	talks
Transport	And besides, as soon as you get control of it you'd be able to start using it for air operations, and put a survey team in there as soon as it's secured, and then start using it for helicopter operations, haul forward some big bladders of fuel to refuel helicopters and rearm them and things like that.	Movement	put	a survey team	Artifact	there	Destination	you	Agent
Die	I was watching the BBC news this morning and they interviewed the man who is going to be in charge of Holocaust Day, certainly in the future.	Life	Holocaust
Attack	from its flight deck president bush will make a major announcement to the american people tomorrow night on the end of major combat in iraq.	Conflict	combat	iraq	Place
Charge-Indict	the charges against katrina leung are the latest in an alleged case of sex, spies, and international intrigue.	Justice	charges	katrina leung	Defendant
End-Position	military analyst and retired army general claudia kennedy joins me with a look at possibilitys.	Personnel	retired	military analyst and retired army general claudia kennedy	Person	army	Entity	army general	Position
Attack	major fighting may be over, but many american service men and women injured in iraq are just beginning the very long process of recovery.	Conflict	fighting	iraq	Place
Marry	Uh, we have,  uh, one of our married children in the same town up here, and one of them down in South Carolina.	Life	married	one of our married children	Person
Die	He was not killed by former members of the Baath Party or the security of the army, but by just a local organized group.	Life	killed	He	Victim	a local organized group	Agent
End-Position	i'm leaving now because it's the appropriate time to do it.	Personnel	leaving	i	Person
Elect	I hope that the United States Army will leave Iraq soon, and we will have free election for a free government for a free future for Iraq and the people for Iraq.	Personnel	election	a free government	Entity	Iraq	Place
End-Position	the chief executive of the world's largest airline has resigned, not a com plately unexpected move because several board member his talked about wanting him to leave.	Personnel	resigned	the world's largest airline	Entity	the chief executive of the world's largest airline	Person	the chief executive	Position
Attack	it gives you a sense of, perhaps what 50 years of tension and war will do to your mentality.	Conflict	war	50 years	Time-Holds
Transport	the mars express on its way on a seven-month journey to the red planet, contains really two spacecraft.	Movement	journey	the mars express	Vehicle	the red planet	Destination	seven-month	Time-Holds
Attack	home front responses to the ongoing war in iraq.	Conflict	war	iraq	Place
Transport	He found the lane to the farm and drove up into the farmyard, where he was met by the farmer.	Movement	drove	He	Artifact	the farmyard, where he was met by the farmer	Destination
Transport	we go to my niece's house and.	Movement	go	we	Artifact	my niece's house	Destination
Nominate	I'd like to see the Greens run David Cobb again.	Personnel	run	David Cobb	Person	the Greens	Agent
Attack	Everyone is closely watching what the next few days will bring, hoping the violence doesn't spread to the streets of Baghdad or other areas.	Conflict	violence
Transfer-Money	While this legislation is still under consideration, Homeland Security appropriations designated $60 million in FY2004 and $61 million in FY2005 to fund a program to develop and test prototype missile countermeasure systems for commercial aircraft based on existing military technology.	Transaction	fund	Homeland Security	Giver	$60 million	Money	$61 million	Money	FY2004	Time-Holds	FY2005	Time-Holds
Transport	this is the first european mission to mars.	Movement	mission	mars	Destination
Attack	uh and just wipe it out.	Conflict	wipe	it	Place
Transfer-Money	So that is the channel we chose for our own donation.	Transaction	donation	we	Giver	the channel	Recipient
Transport	We've had an absolutely terrific story, pushing forward north toward Baghdad.	Movement	forward	We	Artifact	Baghdad	Destination
Transport	During the early evening hours of his sixth hospital day, he got up, dressed, pulled his chest tube out and managed to get out of the hospital and across four lanes of busy evening traffic, to our apartment.	Movement	get out	he	Artifact	our apartment	Destination	the hospital	Origin	the early evening hours of his sixth hospital day	Time-Within
Attack	Iraqi soldiers glad the war is over for them, perhaps 100 at a time.	Conflict	war
Die	Globally, at least 236 people have died and more than 4,000 have become sickened with the illness.	Life	died	at least 236 people	Victim
Merge-Org	I believe any neutral management consultant worth his or her salt would recommend a merger of the two organizations.	Business	merger	the two organizations	Org
Divorce	I think divorce is really stupid..	Life	divorce
Meet	it'll be a busy weekend for secretary powell on the sidelines of the forum, members of the middle east quartet meeting on sunday.	Contact	meeting	members of the middle east quartet	Entity	sunday	Time-Within
Phone-Write	And they got the letters pretty quickly over there.	Contact	letters	they	Entity
Transport	These ordinary Iraqis had been terrified to come here, until today, though one student on the left had been here before.	Movement	come	here	Destination
Injure	Laser beams can temporarily blind or disorient pilots and possibly cause a plane to crash.	Life	blind	pilots	Victim	Laser beams	Instrument
Die	These men had relatives murdered here.	Life	murdered	relatives murdered here	Victim	here	Place
Be-Born	I was researching Meg Tilly on the internet and thus accidentally found out that Jennifer Tilly was born Jennifer Chan.	Life	born	Jennifer Tilly	Person
Meet	Beside meeting with Annan, Al-Douri spent several hours during the late morning and afternoon meeting with ambassadors and diplomats in the Delegate's Lounge.	Contact	meeting	Annan	Entity	Al-Douri	Entity
Attack	Isn't that wrong in a time of war.	Conflict	war
Attack	he pleaded not guilty to bombing a birmingham women's clinic in 1998.	Conflict	bombing	he	Attacker	birmingham	Place	a birmingham women's clinic	Target	1998	Time-Within
Arrest-Jail	You do well to wonder why the BTK killer was not captured until yesterday.	Justice	captured	the BTK killer	Person	yesterday	Time-Within
Attack	Seven Americans remain prisoners of war in Iraq and 15 Americans are listed as missing in action.	Conflict	war
End-Position	Yeah I think I was -- I think I was -- I was on a cruise, and I put on the television uh when I got in at the six oh clock news, and bingo, there he is, uh resigning as Governor of uh New Jersey.	Personnel	resigning	he	Person	Governor of uh New Jersey	Position
Phone-Write	I haven't received mail in two days.	Contact	mail	I	Entity	two days	Time-Before
Die	Where he had committed the murders, so.	Life	committed	he	Agent	Where	Place
Attack	The Shias are a bit gun shy, if you will, in the south because of what happened in 1991.	Conflict	what	1991	Time-Within
Execute	I hear though, that he's going to be -- the first person to be (()) um -- uh -- killed for a crime in California in like, thirty five years or something.	Justice	killed	California	Place	the first person to be (()) um -- uh -- killed for a crime in California in like, thirty five years or something	Person
Transport	you're looking at mars. this shows some of the layers effects scientists find so interesting, captured by the mars global surveyer, which has been in orbit since march of 1999, one of the more successful missions nasa has ever staged to the red planet.	Movement	missions	nasa	Agent	the red planet	Destination
Transport	Every Wednesday, we go down to the uh River Bank Park.	Movement	go	we	Artifact	the uh River Bank Park	Destination
Transport	they say their forces today with the iraqi republican guard units as part of a protwo-pronged advance on the city.	Movement	advance	their forces	Artifact	the iraqi republican guard units	Artifact	the city	Destination	today	Time-Within
Attack	Also Monday, Israeli soldiers fired on four diplomatic vehicles in the northern Gaza town of Beit Hanoun, diplomats said.	Conflict	fired	Israeli soldiers	Attacker	the northern Gaza town of Beit Hanoun	Place	four diplomatic vehicles in the northern Gaza town of Beit Hanoun	Target	Monday	Time-Within
Attack	he said, i could either invade kuwait or finish developing the nuclear weapon.	Conflict	invade	i	Attacker
Attack	Kurdish militiamen and U.S. special operations troops linked up with more than 1,000 U.S. Army paratroopers Thursday to secure the area around a strategic air strip, as the first large coalition ground force in northern Iraq began opening another front against Saddam Hussein's regime.	Conflict	front	the first large coalition ground force in northern Iraq	Attacker	northern Iraq	Place	Saddam Hussein's regime	Target	Thursday	Time-Within
Transport	although this came home by itself from hawaii.	Movement	came	this	Vehicle	home	Destination	hawaii	Origin
Meet	finally the kramers meet abby.	Contact	meet	the kramers	Entity	abby	Entity
Transfer-Ownership	For now, it's just a rumor that Ask Jeeves is buying Bloglines.	Transaction	buying	Bloglines	Artifact	Ask Jeeves	Buyer
Transport	they were headed home.	Movement	headed	they	Artifact	home	Destination
Start-Position	So who would y- what would you appoint him to.	Personnel	appoint	him	Person
End-Position	If the CEO is new, I also look at the performance of the CEO's previous company.	Personnel	previous	the CEO	Person	the CEO's previous company	Entity	the CEO	Position
Die	The world is a much better place now that the terrorist Yassar Arafat is dead.	Life	dead	the terrorist Yassar Arafat	Victim
Die	Yeah, okay, um, ((lot of question)) -- and, um,  I- I don't think it was poisoning, even though I haven't read -- a lot of articles about it.	Life	poisoning
Transport	the story of how he got to washington, d.c., is compelling for several reasons, starting with how close he came to not being here at all.	Movement	got	he	Artifact	washington, d.c	Destination
Transport	a wildfire in california forced hundreds of people from their homes.	Movement	forced	hundreds of people	Artifact	their homes	Origin
Transport	a russian soyuz capsule dropped them off this morning after docking perfectly at the orbiting outpost.	Movement	dropped	a russian soyuz capsule	Vehicle	them	Artifact	the orbiting outpost	Destination	this morning	Time-Within
Transport	But, still,  uh, they go to, uh, grandmother's -- every Christmas.	Movement	go	they	Artifact
Sentence	up first, on "cnn live today", sentencing this hour in the case of sam waksal, the man at the center of the martha stewart scandal.	Justice	sentencing	sam waksal	Defendant	this hour	Time-Within
Injure	no injuries have been reported thankfully hat this time.	Life	injuries	this time	Time-Within
Transport	Same thing when you come into a building.	Movement	come	you	Artifact	a building	Destination
Trial-Hearing	what drove him to become a serial rapist and to jump bail in the middle of the trial.	Justice	trial	him	Defendant
Attack	It had been very quiet inside Israel since the start of the U.s.-led war against Iraq.	Conflict	war	U.s.-l	Attacker
Transport	to mark his historic climb to the top of mt. everest with sherpa norgay.	Movement	climb	his	Artifact	sherpa norgay	Artifact	the top of mt. everest	Destination
Divorce	I don't, I don't know why like his uh, the wife's or the mother said divorce is an option I think.	Life	divorce	his	Person	the wife	Person
Transfer-Money	Of course it's in the bylaws that an active board member cannot be given money by the USCF while on the board.	Transaction	given	the USCF	Giver	an active board member	Recipient
End-Position	And the one that, oh what's the -- the guy that, um -- Tom Ridge just re- resigned yesterday.	Personnel	resigned	Tom Ridge	Person	yesterday	Time-Within
Attack	But, eh,  eh, for Israeli, Palestinian conflict there's a lot of decisions that has to be -- applied but until now -- she didn't put any pressure,  eh,  toward ((this and)) and I believe this policy has been, uh,  this kind of policy,  eh,  um,  eh, became more and more during -- eh, during, uh, eh, Bush -- -- President Bush time.	Conflict	conflict	Israeli	Attacker	Palestinian	Attacker
Start-Position	Toefting joined the Danish squad in 1993 and has 41 caps.	Personnel	joined	Toefting	Person	the Danish squad	Entity	1993	Time-Within
Transport	They let her serve her time in AZ, then they come and get her to serve her time in FL.	Movement	get	they	Agent	FL	Destination	AZ	Origin	her	Artifact
Attack	A nurse said, "He beat two of us up.	Conflict	beat	He	Attacker	two of us	Target
Attack	Malls and other public places have significantly stepped up security since the outbreak of Israeli-Palestinian fighting in September 2000.	Conflict	fighting	Israeli	Attacker	Palestinian	Attacker	September 2000	Time-Starting
Start-Position	The Cleveland Cavaliers also formally introduced Paul Silas as their coach Monday.	Personnel	introduced	The Cleveland Cavaliers	Entity	Paul Silas	Person	their coach	Position	Monday	Time-Starting
Die	you can hear williams say, go ahead, kill me.	Life	kill	me	Victim
Attack	in that sense any use of chemical weapons would be counterproductive to saddam, because it would only galvanize international.	Conflict	use	chemical weapons	Instrument	saddam	Attacker
Die	May I interpret this as your approving of the Nazi extermination of slavic people.	Life	extermination	slavic people	Victim	Nazi	Agent
Attack	now back to wolf blitzer and our continuing coverage of the war in iraq.	Conflict	war	iraq	Place
Start-Position	But this is neither here nor there, because the fact that Randy Bauer is already talking about Beatriz Marinello as the USCF's new "move coordinator", whatever that involves, and whether or not it means that she would be the de facto interim ED, means that at some level and in some form these discussions HAVE already taken place, while Marinello is serving as President.	Personnel	new	Beatriz Marinello	Person	the USCF	Entity	move coordinator	Position
Attack	The idea was to open the way with heavy sustained American bombing of Iraqi positions.	Conflict	bombing	American	Attacker
End-Position	He's now national director of Win Without War, and former Congressman Bob Dornan, Republican of California.	Personnel	former	former Congressman Bob Dornan	Person	California	Entity	Congressman	Position	former	Time-Within
Demonstrate	taken the risk of supporting a shiite insurrection at that point.	Conflict	insurrection	shiite	Entity
Transfer-Money	Liberal feminist organizations rushed to Yates' defense, most notably the National Organization for Women, which provided money for her defense fund and held candlelight vigils.	Transaction	provided	the National Organization for Women, which provided money for her defense fund and held candlelight vigils	Giver	her	Beneficiary
Appeal	Chiluba, who is accused of stealing millions of dollars while in office, did not appear at the Lusaka magistrates court as scheduled because he has filed an appeal to have case heard at a higher court.	Justice	appeal	stealing millions of dollars while in office	Crime	a higher court	Adjudicator	Chiluba, who is accused of stealing millions of dollars while in office	Plaintiff
Transport	156 iraqi police officers were supposed to show up to this college to report for work.	Movement	show up	156 iraqi police officers	Artifact	this college	Destination
Attack	For more now on the unique challenges posed by urban combat, let's go back to Atlanta and join the man whose voice we just heard, Miles O'Brien.	Conflict	combat
End-Position	A year ago, Tuberville was one reporter's abililty to find an out of place airplane in Ohio away from being fired BEFORE the Alabama game.	Personnel	fired	Tuberville	Person	A year ago	Time-Within
Attack	All the shooting was concentrated on the bridge and across the river,'' where U.S. forces were located, he said.	Conflict	shooting	the bridge	Place	the river	Place	U.S. forces	Target
End-Position	Vivendi Universal, the world's second-largest media group after AOL Time Warner of the United States, has been digging out from under a mountain of debt since the removal of expansionist boss Jean-Marie Messier last July, largely through asset sales.	Personnel	removal	expansionist boss Jean-Marie Messier	Person	Vivendi Universal	Entity	last July	Time-Within
Divorce	I have my kids almost 50/50 these days, but it was a huge messy post divorce compromise that took a year to complete.	Life	divorce
Attack	This was not one of the staged stiff-armed clotheslines you see in professional wrestling broadcasts.	Conflict	This
Transport	ari fleischer expected to come into the west wing briefing room to brief reporters on a wide variety of subjekts.	Movement	come	ari fleischer	Artifact	the west wing briefing room	Destination
Transfer-Money	Kobe also alleged that O'neal had paid upwards of one million dollars in this way as hush money over the years.	Transaction	paid	O'neal	Giver	upwards of one million dollars	Money
Injure	The military chief of the Kurdish KDP, the brother of their leader, Massud Barzani (ph), was gravely hurt.	Life	hurt	The military chief of the Kurdish KDP	Victim
Phone-Write	Baxley held up a stack of more than 800 e-mails from Floridians who he said have written him to support the bill.	Contact	written	Baxley	Entity	who	Entity
Transfer-Money	So he told the media that he should have done what Shaq always did, just pay the women to shut up.	Transaction	pay	he	Giver	the women	Recipient
Attack	We have under heavy fire for the past couple of miles.	Conflict	fire	We	Target
Phone-Write	Call Carnival Wedding Dept. at 1(800) 933-4968 or send an email to:  weddi...@carnival.com.	Contact	Call
Attack	There was no shots fired.	Conflict	fired
Transport	Barnie, have you ever been to the National Conservation and Training Center near Shepherdstown, WVA.	Movement	been	you	Artifact	the National Conservation and Training Center near Shepherdstown, WVA	Destination
Attack	The Post also quoted Central Intelligence Agency and Pentagon intelligence analysts complaining that Bush officials largely ignored their warning that Iraqi irregular forces would use guerrilla tactics and offer significant resistance.	Conflict	resistance	Iraqi irregular forces	Attacker
Start-Position	Al-Douri taught international law at Baghdad University for over 30 years before becoming a diplomat in 1999, first at the United Nations in Geneva and since early 2001 at U.N. headquarters in New York.	Personnel	becoming	Al-Douri	Person	the United Nations in Geneva	Place	U.N. headquarters in New York	Place	U.N	Entity	diplomat	Position	1999	Time-Starting	early 2001	Time-Holds
Release-Parole	You have to provide a planned residence when you're considered for parole, usually a relative or program of some kind.	Justice	parole	you	Person
Release-Parole	Parole is not a right and its granting is discretionary.	Justice	Parole
Transport	Each day about 90,000 people cross the border between Malaysia and Singapore.	Movement	cross	Singapore	Destination	Malaysia	Origin	Singapore	Origin	Each day	Time-Within	about 90,000 people	Artifact	Malaysia	Destination
Convict	In December 2001, a Manhattan jury convicted Sotheby's main shareholder and former chairman Alfred Taubman of entering into a price-fixing agreement with Christie's.	Justice	convicted	Sotheby's main shareholder and former chairman Alfred Taubman	Defendant	entering into a price-fixing agreement with Christie's	Crime	Manhattan	Place	a Manhattan jury	Adjudicator	December 2001	Time-Within
Phone-Write	Because somebody had -- called the news people.	Contact	called	somebody	Entity	the news people	Entity
Start-Org	That's why we founded the National Patient Safety Foundation.	Business	founded	the National Patient Safety Foundation	Org	we	Agent
Be-Born	We're really happy for the delivery of a child and the fact that everything's safe and sound and we can go forward from there,'' coach Phil Jackson said.	Life	delivery	a child	Person
Attack	Rangel, Cunningham, Ridge and Hagel are all proud, decorated combat veterans.	Conflict	combat
Attack	Bush gave a new, stronger warning that the war could become drawn out.	Conflict	war
Attack	in northern iraq, u.s. warplanes hit targets including a ridge east of mosul, where iraqi troops have been entrenched.	Conflict	hit	u.s	Attacker	northern iraq	Place	targets including a ridge east of mosul, where iraqi troops have been entrenched	Target	u.s. warplanes	Instrument
Trial-Hearing	he is awaiting trial.	Justice	trial	he	Defendant
Attack	One house was destroyed during the strike and casualties have been removed from the area.	Conflict	strike	the area	Place	One house	Target
Transport	Um,  you know, you- e- -- granted, you know, there were there were Jewish people already living there,  but -- all the Jewish people started going there and they j- basically just- you know, they just took over.	Movement	going	all the Jewish people	Artifact	there	Destination
Attack	Now we're hearing the boom of Iraqi guns as they fire towards our positions.	Conflict	fire	our	Target	they	Instrument	Now	Time-Within
Phone-Write	and now joining us by phone from liverpool with more on the harry potter heist is caroline forham, press officer with the mercy side police.	Contact	phone	us	Entity	caroline forham	Entity	now	Time-Holds
Transport	police say that is where scott peterson told them that he did go fishing the day that laci peterson did disappear.	Movement	go	he	Artifact	where	Destination
Meet	there are some suggestions after the viz it yesterday of colin powell meeting with ariel sharon, palestinian prime minister abbas said more progress may be made on implementation of the u.s. administration's road map to peace.	Contact	meeting	colin powell	Entity	ariel sharon	Entity	yesterday	Time-Within
Attack	Well, in other words eh, in other -- when -- after World War Two when they when -- basically the state of Israel was formed.	Conflict	World War Two
Meet	U.S. officials hope more Iraqis join the process and stressed that this was just the first of many such meetings in Iraq.	Contact	this	Iraq	Place
Attack	makes it vulnerable to fire from the other side.	Conflict	fire	the other side	Attacker	it	Target
Meet	we have the transcript of the meeting.	Contact	meeting
Arrest-Jail	24-year-old enrique alvarez, also known as david cruz, was arrested monday in san jose.	Justice	arrested	24-year-old enrique alvarez, also known as david cruz	Person	san jose	Place	monday	Time-Within
Die	the world health organization says there are 4200 sars cases so far, more than 250 deaths in 27 countries and there is no cure.	Life	deaths	27 countries	Place
Transport	Armed coalition soldiers moving toward a venerated mosque at the request of a Muslim cleric, but angry locals who didn't understand what they were trying to do.	Movement	moving toward	Armed coalition soldiers	Artifact	a venerated mosque	Destination
Sue	the only tort reform that i think should be done is to cap fees that lawyers are allowed to extract for class action suits.	Justice	suits
Phone-Write	Reyes said in his letter that the "guerrilla units are in the moral obligation of saving and protecting lives and physical integrity of their prisoners.	Contact	letter	Reyes	Entity
Marry	There's been a thread recently in one of the exMo fora about a woman whose bishop, who she had been planning to have marry her, was going out of town, so she asked the stake president, who she didn't know well.	Life	marry	a woman whose bishop, who she had been planning to have marry her	Person
Transport	well, it is our turn to meet the kramers back in the u.s. after their journey to china to bring home the newest and cutest perhaps, member of their family, in los angeles, the proud parents of 11 mnth abigail kramer.	Movement	journey	the kramers	Artifact	the u.s	Origin	china	Destination
Sentence	embattled imclone founder sam waksal sentenced to more than seven years in prison for insider trading.	Justice	sentenced	embattled imclone founder sam waksal	Defendant	more than seven years in prison	Sentence	insider trading	Crime
Transport	Well, you he- you hear these people saying that, I mean, that are in the mili- military you- you -- that it sa- you- some people who have come back home already and everything that they don't agree with the whole thing.	Movement	come back	home	Destination	who	Artifact
Transfer-Money	Linda Fasulo, the U.N. correspondent for NBC News and MSNBC, has written a pro-U.N. book, An Insider's Guide to the U.N. , which reads like the U.N. paid for it.	Transaction	paid	the U.N	Giver	Linda Fasulo	Beneficiary
Declare-Bankruptcy	been 511 days since enron filed for bankruptcies.	Business	bankruptcies	enron	Org
Die	Most are caught trying to sneak in and some die in the attempt.	Life	die	some	Victim
Die	an emergency official tells cnn that ten people died there.	Life	died	ten people	Victim	there	Place
End-Position	Staff reductions were clearly in the works pending system changes that would be facilitated by any move, Miami, PBG, Crossville or elsewhere.	Personnel	reductions	Staff	Person
End-Position	They are desperate to be rid of him but by the same token, they don't like another country coming into their country to overturn the government and beyond that, I think it's probably most important for most Iraqis is they're deeply suspicious of the United States.	Personnel	rid	him	Person	They	Entity
Sentence	three other nigerians also face stoning deaths for the same crime.	Justice	face	three other nigerians	Defendant	stoning deaths	Sentence	the same crime	Crime
Trial-Hearing	But it just amazes me that, uh, I think it's ridiculous how publicized -- how much publicity it got because -- I mean there's like human rights violations going on all around the world.	Justice	it
Attack	if you listen to the from's men it sounds like the battle is about to begin, maybe only days from now.	Conflict	battle	only days from now	Time-Within
Declare-Bankruptcy	the company saying if they don't get the flood attendants to concede to a special offer, they will indeed file for bankruptcy.	Business	bankruptcy	the company	Org
Transfer-Ownership	When the chain passed from its private owners a few years ago, problems began.	Transaction	passed	the chain	Artifact	its private owners	Seller	a few years ago	Time-Within
Transport	Ground forces closed in on Baghdad from separate southern approaches, the Army from the southeast and Marines from the southwest, in advances begun Tuesday night.	Movement	closed in	Ground forces	Artifact	Baghdad	Destination	Tuesday night	Time-Starting
Attack	did you hear about the firing she did.	Conflict	firing	she	Attacker
Attack	It's important that people all over the world know that we don't believe in the war," she said.	Conflict	war
Meet	Another possibility is to change the meeting times.	Contact	meeting
Attack	and that raises questions, questions that have been in front of us since that first strike on march 19th against the location that the cia military intelligence thought was a place where saddam hussein, perhaps his sons, were.	Conflict	strike	the location that the cia military intelligence thought was a place where saddam hussein, perhaps his sons, were	Place	saddam hussein	Target	his sons	Target	march 19th	Time-Within
End-Position	I said, you know, and I was before -- they said, well, I thought you supported George Bush, and I said, well I did support George Bush, but he doesn't know what he's doing and he needs to go.	Personnel	go	he	Person
Transport	The arrival presaged a major resupply effort by air for U.S. troops, dependent until now on a tenuous line stretching 550 kilometers (350 miles) to Kuwait.	Movement	arrival
Demonstrate	the books not bombs demonstration coored naed by the national youth and student peace coalition.	Conflict	demonstration	the national youth and student peace coalition	Entity
Attack	But my dad was in the army and he was in Vietnam war and he's like, this is crazy, you know.	Conflict	war	Vietnam	Place
Arrest-Jail	Let me tell you, when you arrest somebody, you describe who you're arresting.	Justice	arrest	somebody	Person	you	Agent
Attack	making sure they don't get ambushed.	Conflict	ambushed	they	Target
Transfer-Ownership	Within weeks after taking charge of a public company that had even managed to turn a slight profit, WITHOUT MAKING ANY IMPROVEMENTS WHATSOEVER IN THE WATER SYSTEM, Bechtel doubled and tripled water rates, charging the poor of the city $15 or more a month just to keep their water running... in a city where families live on less than $60 per month.	Transaction	taking	a public company that had even managed to turn a slight profit	Artifact	Bechtel	Buyer
Attack	Since then some in the Bush administration  _  particularly Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz, a former ambassador to Jakarta and a prime architect of the Iraq war  _  have pushed for the ban to be repealed.	Conflict	war	the Bush administration	Attacker	Bush	Attacker	Iraq	Place
Die	Once again, I'm not diminishing the horror of any individual murder, just trying to get it into perspective.	Life	murder
Transport	for the next 12 hours into the morning, planes from the carrier will fly missions over afghanistan.	Movement	fly	planes from the carrier	Vehicle	afghanistan	Destination	the next 12 hours into the morning	Time-Holds	the morning	Time-Ending
Attack	So what is it like for them to face combat far from home.	Conflict	combat	them	Attacker
Start-Position	Retired Lt. Gen. Jay Garner, who will head the U.S.-led interim administration in Iraq, opened the conference under a golden-colored tent in the shadows of the 4,000-year-old ziggurat at Ur, a terraced temple platform of the ancient Sumerians.	Personnel	head	Retired Lt. Gen. Jay Garner, who will head the U.S.-led interim administration in Iraq	Person	Iraq	Place	the U.S.-led interim administration in Iraq	Entity
Arrest-Jail	across town in a less affluent neighborhood, reactions to aziz's arrest are profoundly different.	Justice	arrest	aziz	Person
End-Position	Is there high turnover among senior managers.	Personnel	turnover	senior managers	Person	senior managers	Position
Die	I- I think his motive must have been to be with his new girlfriend, but uh- -- kill his own first child that way is extraordinary.	Life	kill	his own first child	Victim	his	Agent
Transfer-Ownership	The public subsequently retook control of Cochabamba's water system.	Transaction	retook	Cochabamba	Place	The public	Buyer
Attack	And then just for yucks lets assume that one goes off at the Pentagon.	Conflict	goes off	one	Instrument	the Pentagon	Place
Transport	well, first of all, the spacecraft would not be launched from earth.	Movement	launched	the spacecraft	Artifact	earth	Origin
Transport	Az in trouble in 2001, fla is mentioned and she signs another waiver of extradition, posts bonds and skips (not far enough apparantly.	Movement	skips	she	Artifact	Az	Origin	2001	Time-Within
Attack	air travel has fallen 10 mers since the war began and some hotel chains say cancellations are up.	Conflict	war
Transport	Renowned as the world's first woman explorer who has reached the Arctic, the Antarctica and Mount Everest, Lee has made immense contributions toward polar exploration over the past 20 years.	Movement	reached	who	Artifact	the Arctic	Destination	the Antarctica	Destination	Mount Everest	Destination
Declare-Bankruptcy	america warns it will seek more layoffs if it does file for chapter 11.	Business	chapter 11	it	Org
Meet	I met student after student intent on harnessing the forces of business and capitalism to improve the world.	Contact	met	I	Entity	student	Entity	student	Entity
Transport	We are not expecting to drive into Baghdad suddenly and seize it.	Movement	drive	We	Agent	Baghdad	Destination
Transport	So -- keep it together through thick and thin and -- when it comes to Thanksgiving we go up there and we celebrate.	Movement	go	we	Artifact	there	Destination
Meet	when we sat down to lunch, she had put out these beautiful chop sticks which i commented orion.	Contact	sat down	we	Entity
Transfer-Money	he seeped a $960,000 buyout from the university.	Transaction	buyout	the university	Giver	$960,000	Money	he	Recipient
Phone-Write	An old friend, Joseph Britt of Kennesaw, GA, recently emailed to ask about anti-immigration as an issue for Virginia Democrats.	Contact	emailed	An old friend	Entity
Transport	Palestinians and their dovish Israeli allies routinely use the word ``occupation'' when demanding that Israel leave the West Bank and Gaza and dismantle Jewish settlements.	Movement	leave	Israel	Agent	the West Bank	Origin	Gaza	Origin
Meet	The foreign minister of North Korea has state that North Korea has nuclear weapons and has officially with drawn from the 6 nation talks on Nuclear proliferation in east Asia.	Contact	talks	6 nation	Entity
Transfer-Money	However, Publication 557 does not explicitly prohibit compensation to directors.	Transaction	compensation	directors	Recipient
Divorce	Although, the dog thing is really post divorce.	Life	divorce
Charge-Indict	they would join seven other executives already charged.	Justice	charged	seven other executives	Defendant
Attack	those close to miller believe he was shot by an armored israeli personnel carrier.	Conflict	shot	israeli personnel	Attacker	he	Target	an armored israeli personnel carrier	Instrument
Transport	in southern iraq today, british forces also moving closer to the center of the second largest city in iraq, basra.	Movement	moving	british forces	Artifact	the center of the second largest city in iraq, basra	Destination	southern iraq	Origin	today	Time-Within
Transport	The United States is deploying some of Iraq's exiles and internal dissidents around the country to help root out pro-Saddam elements, keep order and distribute aid, according to one such organization, the Iraq National Congress.	Movement	deploying	some of Iraq's exiles and internal dissidents	Artifact	Iraq's exiles and internal dissidents	Artifact	pro-Saddam elements	Artifact	The United States	Agent	the country	Origin
End-Position	In all, two million Americans have lost their jobs under President Bush so far, not to mention three of them being the top three leaders of his economic team.	Personnel	lost t	two million Americans	Person
Attack	Do you think, um -- the -- when the Republicans are campaigning -- they were saying that well, another attack on the U.S. is -- imminent, that it probably -- probably going to happen -- and -- um -- and -- they even went so far to say that if -- it's really difficult to prevent something like this and of course they're doing the best they can and -- I think Kerry would do the best he could.	Conflict	attack
Injure	Dozens, though, injured, including some Israeli soldiers, because according to an eyewitness, he said many soldiers were here also enjoying the spring weather.	Life	injured	some Israeli soldiers	Victim	here	Place
Transport	The plane arrived back to base safely.	Movement	arrived	The plane	Vehicle	base	Destination
End-Position	Had the existence of this $85,000 in a secret bank account been known, it would not have been necessary to fire those 17 people right away.	Personnel	fire	those 17 people	Person
Attack	Britain's gun laws are aimed at the wrong target, curbing and criminalising legal ownership while failing to tackle huge rises in shooting offences over the past few years, according to an international firearms legislation expert.	Conflict	shooting	Britain	Place	gun	Instrument
Attack	So, again, behind the scenes, a sense of vindication, but also a cautious attitude because of the fighting still to come.	Conflict	fighting
Attack	If U.S. forces seriously degrade Iraq's half-dozen Republican Guard divisions before that final battle, and only have to face perhaps 30,000 Special Republican Guard, fedayeen, and related personnel, the task will not be as hard as it might have been,'' he said.	Conflict	battle	30,000 Special Republican Guard, fedayeen, and related personnel	Target	30,000 Special Republican Guard, fedayeen, and related personnel	Target	30,000 Special Republican Guard, fedayeen, and related personnel	Target	U.S. forces	Attacker
Transfer-Ownership	And this is, as far as I know, the first time since the Allegheny deal that there's been a hostile takeover using debt.	Transaction	takeover	Allegheny	Buyer
Transport	Reporters saw the tanks roll into the heart of Baghdad on the western side of the Tigris River, which divides the city.	Movement	roll	the tanks	Vehicle	the heart of Baghdad	Destination	the western side of the Tigris River, which divides the city	Origin
Meet	Officials from Seoul and Washington say the swift U.S.-led victory in Iraq prompted North Korea to agree to the nuclear talks.	Contact	talks	North Korea	Entity
Attack	the test designed to measure the responsiveness of emergency workers to a terrorist attack.	Conflict	attack	terrorist	Attacker
Start-Position	But I mean you're attacking the CIA for putting him in, when it was -- the problem was Khomeini.	Personnel	putting	him	Person	the CIA	Entity
Injure	at least ten people have been injured and at least five homes have burned in benton harbor since the rioting began.	Life	injured	at least ten people	Victim	benton harbor	Place
Attack	Echoing Blair, Bush said the UN would play a role in all aspects of post-war Iraq, from humanitarian aid to a future interim authority, adding that Iraq would "move as quickly as possible" to an interim authority made up of Iraqis from inside and outside the country.	Conflict	war	post-war Iraq	Place
Die	But there would be lots of casualties on all sides.	Life	casualties
Convict	convicted rapist and max factor heir andrew luster is back in california.	Justice	convicted	convicted rapist and max factor heir andrew luster	Defendant
Attack	The toughest fight, though, may lie ahead in the heart of the Iraqi capital.	Conflict	fight	the heart of the Iraqi capital	Place
Elect	They kept on scheduling them and they we're saying, oh, no no no, you know.	Personnel	them
Die	Yeah, he probably did.	Life	did	he	Agent
Release-Parole	at some point after his release, michael serious befriended a woman named darlene williamson.	Justice	release	his	Person
Transfer-Money	The North also likely wants aid for its economy, which has been crippled by the loss of Soviet subsidies and years of drought and mismanagement.	Transaction	subsidies	Soviet	Giver
Transport	Coalition forces launched their latest advances toward Baghdad in the pre-dawn hours today, heading toward the Iraqi capital from the southeast and the southwest.	Movement	advances	their	Artifact	Baghdad	Destination	the pre-dawn hours today	Time-Within
Attack	Um -- one -- two of the men are from New York, one is a Head of -- the the -- who was there at nine eleven.	Conflict	nine eleven	New York	Place	there	Place	nine eleven	Time-Holds
Attack	Judy, you're seeing us through the night scope because basically for the last hour we've been watching as this ridge behind me in Kalak which of course is the front line between Iraq and Kurdish (ph) forces, we've been watching as planes, planes we can hear but cannot see, have been bombing the ridge line behind us.	Conflict	bombing	the ridge line behind us	Target	planes we can hear but cannot see	Instrument
Start-Position	the wizards may not want jordan, but the head of the expansion team says jordan could run operations there, if he wants to.	Personnel	run	jordan	Person	there	Entity
Transport	And those people from that electoral commission that I described as the heroes of the new Iraq--every day . . . a lot of them aren't living in the Green Zone, they've got to travel in from outside.	Movement	travel	they	Artifact	the Green Zone	Destination
Marry	My mother took his remarriage harder than I did, I think, because of that.	Life	remarriage	his	Person
Transport	so what's the difficulty in being able to go to mars.	Movement	go	mars	Destination
Transport	That's the only Byrd pork project I have ever visited.	Movement	visited	I	Artifact	the only Byrd pork project I have ever visited	Destination
Die	Meantime, Iraq says that 420 civilians, they say, have been killed during the war.	Life	killed	420 civilians	Victim
Transport	And these bozos let four armed Cubans land on our shores when they're trying to make a high terrorist alert.	Movement	land	four armed Cubans	Artifact	these bozos	Agent	our shores	Destination
Injure	Here, prisoners were tortured.	Life	tortured	Here	Place	prisoners	Victim
Die	What happened was indefensible and justice must be served.	Life	What
Charge-Indict	their more intriguing argument is that one of the charges against malvo is under virginia's anti-terrorism statute and they argue that every resident of fairfax county is potentially a member of the victim's class.	Justice	charges	malvo	Defendant
Transport	the pentagon tonight said coalition troops have reached baghdad international airport.	Movement	reached	coalition troops	Artifact	baghdad international airport	Destination	tonight	Time-Ending
Marry	Rudolph Giuliani will wed his companion, Judith Nathan, on May 24 in the ex-mayor's old home, Gracie Mansion.	Life	wed	Rudolph Giuliani	Person	his companion	Person	the ex-mayor's old home	Place	May 24	Time-Within
Transport	Are you coming here.	Movement	coming	you	Artifact	here	Destination
Start-Org	Virginia is apparently going to be build a data center in Richmond, a back-up data center, and a help desk/call center as a follow-on to the creation of VITA, the Virginia Information Technology Agency.	Business	creation	VITA	Org
Injure	Others were mutilated beyond recognition, their faces burned and swollen.	Life	mutilated	Others	Victim	their	Victim
Die	That is not the sort of generalship that on rational grounds alone motivates men to march to possible death.	Life	death	men	Victim
Attack	When you're on the ground fighting, every piece of information you've got about what you're coming up against is golden.	Conflict	fighting
Transport	It happened near an area abandoned earlier by Iraqi forces.	Movement	abandoned	Iraqi forces	Artifact	an area abandoned earlier by Iraqi forces	Origin
Marry	If you are married, your marriage is about making a difference in the world.	Life	married	you	Person
Meet	The conference was being held by a new group called Students for Responsible Business.	Contact	conference	a new group called Students for Responsible Business	Entity
Attack	Organizers of the civil disobedience campaigns promised to block intersections and bridges, shackle themselves to lampposts and create human cordons to snarl traffic, as long as the war continues.	Conflict	war
Attack	Israel has been on a heightened state of alert since the start of the U.S.-led war against Iraq.	Conflict	war	U.S.-l	Attacker
Marry	right now she lives on the upper east side, works at a presbyterian church, has two married daughters and after the news is out, after carrying it for 41 years, she feels better about it.	Life	married	two married daughters	Person
Transport	Saddam's clan is said to have left for a small village in the desert.	Movement	left	Saddam's clan	Artifact	a small village in the desert	Destination
Attack	Its not like Germany or Japan where they were so terrified of the Soviets post war that they were happy to see the US stick around.	Conflict	war	Germany or Japan where they were so terrified of the Soviets post war that they were happy to see the US stick around	Attacker	Germany or Japan where they were so terrified of the Soviets post war that they were happy to see the US stick around	Attacker	the Soviets	Attacker
Die	The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) said Monday that it was prepared to exchange prisoners with the government despite the death of 10 hostages held by the rebel group.	Life	death	10 hostages held by the rebel group	Victim
Charge-Indict	Seven prosecutors read in turn the indictment against Ba'asyir at the makeshift court room in the Meteorology and Geophysics Agency's office in Central Jakarta.	Justice	indictment	Ba'asyir	Defendant	Seven prosecutors	Prosecutor	the makeshift court room in the Meteorology and Geophysics Agency's office in Central Jakarta	Place
Transfer-Money	Last year auditors discovered Arafat was guilty of skimming $2 million a month from the gasoline trade in the territories, TIME reports.	Transaction	skimming	Arafat	Beneficiary	$2 million	Money	Arafat	Recipient	Last year	Time-Before	a month	Time-Within
Attack	He said upgrades would allow troops to react quicker to threats from the North and help reduce the possibility of a military conflict on the peninsula, not heighten it.	Conflict	conflict	the peninsula	Place
Trial-Hearing	Yeah, because I was really -- I wasn't really following it that much because I was.	Justice	it
Transport	We'll look at the routes ahead of where our guys are going to go and try to see what enemy is there.	Movement	go	the routes ahead of where our guys are going to go	Destination	our guys	Artifact
Die	I prefer pro-murder, anti-life or anti-responsibility as a suitable replacement.	Life	murder
Attack	For example,  when there was, uh, like,  a -- decision against Iraq,  the United States -- went directly -- to Iraq to -- -- for, eh,  uh,  an invasion -- and -- for -- whatever reasons- -- she even was out, uh,  putting any attention to the United Nations,  uh, like, uh,  approval.	Conflict	invasion	the United States	Attacker
Attack	At the same time they worried about chemical weapons attacks, Brooks disclosed that a special operations force in the southwestern desert had found a number of bottles ``marked in strange ways.	Conflict	attacks	the southwestern desert	Place	they	Target	chemical weapons	Instrument
Transport	He orders his men back to their compound to await cooler heads.	Movement	back	his men	Artifact	their compound	Destination
Transport	reporter: and this is a military town, judy and little by little we are seeing these soldiers head out.	Movement	head out	these soldiers	Artifact	a military town	Origin
End-Position	But I heard that they were going to -- one of the possible candidates is the the guy he used to be the chief of police of New York.	Personnel	used to be	he	Person	New York	Place
Die	In other parts of Iraq, I received with great sadness the killing of one close colleague, Saeed Abu Naji Abhuey (ph) in Najaf.	Life	killing	one close colleague	Victim	Najaf	Place
Transport	Most Beijing travel agencies have suspended tourist trips to the Middle East as tension heightens in the Gulf region, Thursday's Beijing Youth Daily reports.	Movement	trips	tourist	Artifact	the Middle East	Destination	Most Beijing travel agencies	Agent	Thursday	Time-Starting
Sue	It seems the fear of law suits is the only thing that keeps some of these crooked companies in line.	Justice	suits	some of these crooked companies	Defendant
Attack	That means stocks were up today on Wall Street as they look at the progress of the war in Iraq.	Conflict	war	Iraq	Place
Transfer-Money	Another argument, which is better but still disturbing, is that, yes, this is an ethics violation, and maybe worse, but it would only hurt the USCF to talk about it, and that only troublemakers like Sam Sloan, Larry Parr, and, I suppose, me, would talk about it, since doing so will obstruct the federation's plans, cause us to pay legal expenses, run the risk of our being stuck without any office space at all, cause people not to loan us money, and so forth.	Transaction	loan	us	Recipient	people	Giver
Demonstrate	More than 1,000 people also gathered at Cairo's Al-Azhar Islamic University, where they burned an American flag and demanded the expulsion of the ambassadors of the United States, Britain, Spain and Israel.	Conflict	gathered	Cairo's Al-Azhar Islamic University, where they burned an American flag and demanded the expulsion of the ambassadors of the United States, Britain, Spain and Israel	Place	More than 1,000 people	Entity
Attack	the fighter jets dropped their ordnance in a coordinated atack on a convoy near the afghan city of choft.	Conflict	atack	a convoy near the afghan city of choft	Target	the fighter jets	Instrument	their ordnance	Instrument
Attack	fourth day of combat operations today bore fruit for the air wing and the ship team here.	Conflict	combat	the air wing and the ship team here	Attacker	the air wing and the ship team here	Attacker	today	Time-Within
Transport	happily watching tom and jerry on his mini television, his transformation from the pain-racked boy who left baghdad.	Movement	left	the pain-racked boy	Artifact	baghdad	Origin
End-Position	a week after these pictures surfaced, and after saying he'd fight for his job, larry eustachy resigned as basketball coach at iowa state.	Personnel	resigned	larry eustachy	Person	iowa state	Entity	basketball coach	Position
Charge-Indict	He is also charged with immigration offenses for having a Malaysian citizenship since 1993.	Justice	charged	He	Defendant	immigration offenses	Crime	immigration offenses for having a Malaysian citizenship since 1993	Crime
Die	I saw that show and didn't think she was accusing anyone of anything, more trying to explain to people why he died so suddenly.	Life	died	he	Victim
Elect	Say it's 1942, and the German occupiers in Holland have set up elections with Dutch candidates.	Personnel	elections	Holland	Place	1942	Time-Within
Phone-Write	I don't think that's quite accurate as to what he wrote me about.	Contact	wrote	he	Entity	me	Entity
Attack	we have dropped ordnance today.	Conflict	dropped	we	Attacker	ordnance	Instrument	today	Time-Within
Die	It is known that communist leaders die in office (as judges of the U.S. Supreme Court) and Ion Iliescu won't be different.	Life	die	communist leaders	Victim
Appeal	Under Vietnamese law, the convicted have 15 days to appeal their sentences.	Justice	appeal	the convicted	Plaintiff
Injure	In this day and age of bigger, stronger and faster players, injuries are going to happen accidentally all of the time.	Life	injuries	In this day and age	Time-Within
Transport	Where did it happen that a president was forbidden from moving out of his office.	Movement	moving	a president	Artifact	his office	Origin
Attack	regardless, the statement praised iraqis who have fought coalition forces.	Conflict	fought	iraqis who have fought coalition forces	Attacker	coalition forces	Target
Charge-Indict	the official resident of that condo, the man now charged with her murder, michael serious..	Justice	charged	the man now charged with her murder	Defendant	her murder	Crime
Transfer-Ownership	Today, Ask Jeeves made their official announcement about acquiring Bloglines.	Transaction	acquiring	Bloglines	Artifact	Ask Jeeves	Buyer
Start-Position	Brown takes over a team that won an Eastern Conference-leading 50 games and advajcuf to the conference finals before being swept by the Nets.	Personnel	takes over	Brown	Person	a team that won an Eastern Conference-leading 50 games and advajcuf to the conference finals before being swept by the Nets	Entity
Injure	They have no idea at this time what caused them.	Life	them
End-Position	And that's what ha- what is happening.	Personnel	that
Transport	and she's going to have to fly back to Wisconsin, um.	Movement	fly	she	Artifact	Wisconsin	Destination
Start-Position	Ethical and legal issues in hiring Marinello.	Personnel	hiring	Marinello	Person
Transport	Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go stalk the lobby for the girls that are bringing me my Krystals.	Movement	go	I	Artifact	the lobby	Destination
Die	Mrs. Hassan speak s perfect Arabic and she has a heart of gold, she's been killed by (men in pajamas), turn Iraq upside down and find them.	Life	killed	she	Victim	men in pajamas	Agent
Attack	60 percent of the people say they're watching the war.	Conflict	war
Transfer-Money	They also know, as do the recipients, the payment is but a percentage of the true worth of the time and effort, but does show respect for what they are recieving.	Transaction	payment	They	Giver	the recipients	Recipient
Meet	The day the Nazis came to the hospital, someone came to our room and said: 'You have to cough, you have to cough a lot because they are afraid of the coughing, they don't want to catch an awful disease and they won't enter.	Contact	came	the hospital	Place	the Nazis	Entity
Die	it's a life and death situation.	Life	death
Attack	It is a huge sigh of relief, because it could have been much worse and Baghdad could have been a war theater with more destruction to property.	Conflict	war	Baghdad	Place
Demonstrate	Several thousand demonstrators also gathered outside the White House in Washington, accompanied by a major security presence.	Conflict	gathered	the White House in Washington	Place	Several thousand demonstrators	Entity
Transport	In the case of 1991, the task was to go in and get them out of Kuwait, and they did it, and they were properly greeted coming back to the United States.	Movement	coming back	they	Artifact	the United States	Destination
Trial-Hearing	Uh, there there's something about this Scott Peterson trial, though, that the th- that I can't I can't recall hearing.	Justice	trial	Scott Peterson	Defendant
Sentence	And they're making the determination if -- in fact he will get the death penalty, or life in prison.	Justice	get	they	Adjudicator	he	Defendant	the death penalty	Sentence	life in prison	Sentence
Attack	North Korea accuses the United States of planning to attack the communist country, which Bush has branded part of an ``axis of evil'' along with Iran and Iraq.	Conflict	attack	the United States	Attacker
Transfer-Money	A Colorado judge ordered two teen-age girls to pay about $900 for the distress a neighbor said they caused by giving her home-made cookies adorned with paper hearts.	Transaction	pay	two teen-age girls	Giver	a neighbor	Beneficiary	about $900	Money	Colorado	Place
Die	he is accused of leaving the scene of a fatal accident.	Life	fatal
Transport	What they are doing, Judy, some of these A-10s behind me go there to refuel, to stage operations further north.	Movement	go	some of these A-10s behind me	Vehicle	there	Destination
Transfer-Ownership	But other diplomats say that issue will serve primarily to bring the two closer together on bottom-line issues such as trade and arms sales.	Transaction	sales	arms	Artifact
Sue	Because of that, it is being sued.	Justice	sued	it	Defendant
Arrest-Jail	thomas, owner a local gun and motorcycle shop, said he felt gutted when he saw the news reports of o'conner's vest on murder charges.	Justice	vest	o'conner	Person	murder	Crime
Attack	While two guard divisions have apparently been smashed, there are three others in the Baghdad area.	Conflict	smashed	two guard divisions	Target
Attack	The US is now fighting a war for a nation who government they have no direct ties with.	Conflict	war	The US	Attacker	a nation who government they have no direct ties with	Place	now	Time-Within
Injure	officials at the hospital say the sev reason in good shape and their prognosis is excellent, even though three have gunshot wounds.	Life	wounds	gunshot	Instrument	three	Victim
Sue	They are not being sued.	Justice	sued	They	Defendant
Start-Position	Immediately after she took office, she found out that the USCF had no money in the bank, zero.	Personnel	took	she	Person	the USCF	Entity
Meet	In an interview with The Associated Press Wednesday night, Al-Douri said he will continue to work at the United Nations and had no intention of defecting.	Contact	interview	The Associated Press	Entity	Al-Douri	Entity	Wednesday night	Time-Within
Start-Org	Six European countries have agreed to contribute troops to the British and Polish sectors to create an international stability force, the official said.	Business	create	an international stability force	Org	Six European countries	Agent	the British and Polish sectors	Agent
Transport	a member of the international committee of red cross visited the local hospital there, and he says it's a horrible scene.	Movement	visited	a member of the international committee of red cross	Artifact	the local hospital there	Destination
Attack	And Colonel Leonhard, we're going to talk a little bit about urban combat.	Conflict	combat
Attack	Exactly, exactly, I I think that nine eleven made him and.	Conflict	nine eleven	nine eleven	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	Arafat Skimmed $2 Million a Month From the Gas Trade Sun Nov 14 2004 09:53:40 ETNew York.	Transaction	Skimmed	$2 Million	Money	Arafat	Recipient	a Month	Time-Within
Transport	People lined up along the streets, giving thumbs-up signs to the aid convoy as it rolled by and begging for food and cigarettes.	Movement	rolled
Be-Born	the people that gave birth to you are not necessarily your mom and dad.	Life	birth	you	Person
Attack	that is the type of diplomatic solution that all of the anti-war people wanted for iraq.	Conflict	war
Marry	You could tell both of them uh you look some of the things they had, you know,  he had a few bucks or so. (()) finish, things were getting him down, uh you know, you know how it is, day after day though -- M- marriage isn't all that wonderful.	Life	marriage
Attack	what's believed to be the terror cell responsible for 9/11.	Conflict	terror	the terror cell responsible for 9/11	Attacker	9/11	Time-Within
Start-Position	It can also be helpful if you are looking for a nice new job.	Personnel	new	you	Person
Meet	And beginning as early as next week, there will be a series of town meetings, if you will.	Contact	meetings	as early as next week	Time-Starting
Transport	Rusty, what sort of crowd is showing up there.	Movement	showing up	crowd	Artifact	there	Destination
Attack	We will be back later on the war in Iraq.	Conflict	war	Iraq	Place
Transport	The North retaliated by withdrawing from the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, expelling U.N. inspectors and restarting a plutonium-producing reactor.	Movement	expelling	U.N. inspectors	Artifact
Start-Org	In 1997, she successfully founded the China Polar Museum Foundation with a view to consolidating scientific research findings about polar exploration from all over the world to advance global environmental protection.	Business	founded	the China Polar Museum Foundation	Org	she	Agent	1997	Time-Within
Die	it was the lead story across connecticut in early april, police say jennifer o'conner, a connecticut woman with a history of psychiatric problems confessed to shooting her daughter 7, while the 7 -year-old girl lay sleeping.	Life	shooting	her daughter	Victim	jennifer o'conner	Agent
Merge-Org	And with the constant merging with other banks.	Business	merging	other banks	Org
Charge-Indict	The way to avoid being charged is to give the keys to someone else to unlock the door and have them hang on to the keys until you're below .05.	Justice	charged
Attack	in northern iraq, u.s. marines and residents exchanged gunfire in the city of mosul today, in the second day of civil disturbances there.	Conflict	gunfire	u.s. marines	Attacker	residents	Attacker	the city of mosul	Place	u.s. marines	Target	residents	Target	today	Time-Within
Elect	His party, the major winner, could not field canidates until just before the election, but it was his face on all the poster and his part wipped up the heavily funded US supported government.	Personnel	election
Die	And it still does.	Life	it
Trial-Hearing	Um (()) it's almost like, uh -- (()) diversion but it just seems like they just make it into like, like a soap opera for people to watch, you know.	Justice	it
Attack	a massive manhunt underway where a rapist is targeting children.	Conflict	targeting	a rapist	Attacker	children	Target
Divorce	Divorce *is* really stupid.	Life	Divorce
End-Position	At the end of last month, Tvrdik submitted his resignation in protest against planned cuts in defense spending as part of the government's finance reforms.	Personnel	resignation	Tvrdik	Person	the end of last month	Time-Within
Attack	Why do we want to sever that relationship with this idiotic war in Iraq.	Conflict	war	Iraq	Place
Elect	Um, man I thought I, uh,  put this whole election stuff behind me.	Personnel	election
Marry	the couple is preparing to tie the knot at gracie mansion in new york tonight.	Life	tie the knot	the couple	Person	gracie mansion in new york	Place	tonight	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	If a board member makes such arrangements, it is clearly an ethics violation, clearly a violation of the bylaws, possibly endangers our tax-exempt status, and is possibly a violation of law as well.	Transaction	arrangements	a board member	Recipient
Attack	If not, I fully expect the Packers and many other teams to handle this matter "on the field" with Darius being the target of similar attacks by tight ends and offensive lineman.	Conflict	attacks	tight ends	Attacker	offensive lineman	Attacker	the field	Place	the target of similar attacks by tight ends and offensive lineman	Target
Meet	We are still talking to the members of the council with respect to coalescing around a position that wouldn't draw a veto, but the options remain: go for a vote and see what members say, or not go for a vote," Powell said.	Contact	talking	We	Entity	the members of the council	Entity
Transport	the kramers must wait and travel to another town for abby.	Movement	travel	the kramers	Artifact	another town	Destination
Sue	The cost of class actions is factored into the cost of everything you buy.	Justice	actions
Transport	he was taken to a prison in kearn county, california, about 100 miles from los angeles, a place mostly known for its grapes.	Movement	taken	he	Artifact	a prison in kearn county, california, about 100 miles from los angeles, a place mostly known for its grapes	Destination
Phone-Write	I think we may have talked before.	Contact	talked	we	Entity
Die	and maynard jackson lies in state today at his allah matter.	Life	lies in state	maynard jackson	Victim
Sentence	maryland is the only state that allows unchecked judicial reconsideration, allowing judges to reduce prison terms at any time after sentencing.	Justice	sentencing	judges	Adjudicator	maryland	Place	prison terms	Sentence
Attack	America invasion, occupation Iraqis are unprovoked.	Conflict	invasion	America	Attacker
Attack	Yeah, I did at first I just- I just -- I -- don't like the way it was managed.	Conflict	it
Meet	80,000 people with a shared love of music converge on a tennessee pasture for three days of good vibes and who knows what else.	Contact	converge	a tennessee pasture	Place	80,000 people with a shared love of music	Entity	three days	Time-Holds
Transport	I am tired, hungry, and I leave for work and get home from work in the dark.	Movement	get	I	Artifact	home	Destination
Transport	there's a concern with the huge series there this weekend with the yankees coming to town that sammy would be suspended during that.	Movement	coming	the yankees	Agent	town	Destination	this weekend	Time-Within
Attack	it's so soon -- since nine eleven, and he has been creating his own job, i- in essence, because it's such a new position.	Conflict	nine eleven	nine eleven	Time-Holds
Attack	I don't believe for a minute that this is a war for oil.	Conflict	war
Attack	These pictures were taken on the runway just moments after the coalition attack.	Conflict	attack	coalition	Attacker
Meet	I was asked to moderate a panel discussion on social entrepreneurship for a conference at Harvard Business School.	Contact	conference
Attack	I'd like to -- I know that,  you know, there's been problems, a lot of conflict over there, and it seems like no matter what.	Conflict	conflict	there	Place
Transport	I have to tell you, though, Judy, the CIA Director George Tenet walked out of the White House a short time ago with a giant smile on his face.	Movement	walked out	the CIA Director George Tenet	Artifact	the White House	Origin
Die	More than 65 journalists of many nationalities died in Southeast Asia.	Life	died	More than 65 journalists of many nationalities	Victim
Attack	kennedy entered the navy earning hero status for saving his ship mates when his boat pt-109 was sunk by the japanese.	Conflict	sunk	the japanese	Attacker	his boat	Target
Attack	On Sunday he wrote of two Iraqi soldiers who didn't see us as conquerors but as allies when the Mosul bombing occurred.	Conflict	bombing	Mosul	Place
Attack	It was a "false choice" to debate whether Iraq should be run by coalition forces or the United Nations, said Blair, who was believed to be in favor of a stronger UN role in post-conflict Iraq than Bush.	Conflict	conflict	post-conflict Iraq	Place
Attack	Even while statutes were coming down and there was dancing in the streets, the consequences of continuing firefights are seen here.	Conflict	firefights
Marry	mayor michael bloomberg will perform the ceremony.	Life	ceremony
Die	the father, who was piloting the plane, also was rescued, but died late yesterday at the hospital.	Life	died	the hospital	Place	late yesterday	Time-Within	the father, who was piloting the plane	Victim
Attack	I found the following report that was presented to Congress recently about the shoulder launched missle threat to airliners, which this might very well be a precursor to: Recent events have focused attention on the threat that terrorists with shoulder fired surface-to-air missiles (SAMs), referred to as Man-Portable Air Defense Systems (MANPADS), pose to commercial airliners.	Conflict	threat	airliners	Target	the shoulder launched missle	Instrument
Start-Position	Many Iraqis boycotted the meeting in opposition to U.S. plans to install Garner atop an interim administration.	Personnel	install	Garner	Person	an interim administration	Entity
Injure	nearly 200 people were injured.	Life	injured	nearly 200 people	Victim
Meet	they have reunited with their families and friends, at the aircraft carrier's home port in norfolk, virginia.	Contact	reunited	the aircraft carrier's home port in norfolk, virginia	Place	they	Entity	their families and friends	Entity	their families and friends	Entity
Attack	Definitely put up a fight.	Conflict	fight
Transport	Go into second entrance of the complex on left (mailbox should be on right side.	Movement	Go	the complex	Destination
Elect	If so, should that affect the legitimacy of the election.	Personnel	election
Die	If you're killing people, it's out of fear, not really, in my opinion, out of bravery.	Life	killing	people	Victim	you	Agent
Arrest-Jail	British anti-terror police arrested six people altogether in Derbyshire, central England, and London on May 2 and 3.	Justice	arrested	six people	Person	Derbyshire, central England	Place	London	Place	British anti-terror police	Agent	May 2	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	Just give carefully. if you are going to give assistance then LOOK with suspicion at all they do it is better to keep your $$$.	Transaction	assistance	you	Giver	they	Recipient
Demonstrate	Barghouti was one of the major leaders of the First Intifada in 1987, leading Palestinians in a mass uprising against Israeli occupation of the West Bank.	Conflict	uprising	the West Bank	Place	1987	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	I am the head of a company that raised an angel round of financing from a San Francisco angel investor who I never physically met initially.	Transaction	raised	a San Francisco angel investor who I never physically met initially	Giver	a company that raised an angel round of financing from a San Francisco angel investor who I never physically met initially	Recipient
Phone-Write	I talked to Secretary Powell this morning on the phone a bit, and it's not, I think you need to let the dust settle on that.	Contact	talked	I	Entity	Secretary Powell	Entity	this morning	Time-Within
Charge-Indict	One thing that made me laugh is that she showed up at her indictment in a fur coat.	Justice	indictment	her	Defendant
Marry	I was one of the first digital camera users, and I have too many photos from my first marriage.	Life	marriage	my	Person
Phone-Write	We renewed our vows on Carnival Conquest on 10/31/2004 - you need to contact Carnival wedding department and ask if they have any wedding/renewal packages available.	Contact	contact	you	Entity
Attack	US Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld dismissed worries that there were insufficient forces in the Gulf region if the battle for Baghdad goes wrong.	Conflict	battle	US	Attacker	Baghdad	Place
Elect	Here on the left edge of the country, we have a unique perspective on election standards.	Personnel	election
Attack	As for this attack, the Palestinian militant group Islamic Jihad is claiming responsibility.	Conflict	attack	the Palestinian militant group	Attacker
Demonstrate	Here in the United States this weekend just as they did last weekend, anti-war protesters taking to the street.	Conflict	taking to	the United States	Place	anti-war protesters	Entity	this weekend	Time-Within	last weekend	Time-Within
Meet	has somebody from your magazine spent time with him.	Contact	spent	somebody from your magazine	Entity	him	Entity
Attack	we're not just going to say we're lucky we didn't get attacked today.	Conflict	attacked	we	Attacker	today	Time-Within
Elect	Were they consulted on setting the date of election and how to distribute seats from the votes gain.	Personnel	election
Transfer-Money	Being someone that works and lives in Canada, and in the non-profit industry, it is done, and it is very legal.	Transaction	it	Canada	Place
Die	It's "significant" if any group of people is identified for liquidation by the government of the country in which they live, surely.	Life	liquidation	any group of people	Victim	the government of the country in which they live	Agent
Elect	The reason that Lincoln could get an electoral majority with only forty percent of the popular vote was not that his opposition was divided but that he had far fewer "wasted" votes than his opponents--in ten southern states he got no popular votes at all.	Personnel	electoral	Lincoln	Person
Die	china, the country where sars originated, has been the hardest hit, with thousands of cases and more than 100 deaths.	Life	deaths	china	Place
Attack	for some americans who find themselves spending hours on end watching television coverage of the war, it can be hard to break away.	Conflict	war
Meet	he's willing to talk with us, but not be interviewed.	Contact	talk	he	Entity	us	Entity
Attack	Then, as the Kurds advanced again, the Iraqis opened up.	Conflict	opened up	the Iraqis	Attacker
Declare-Bankruptcy	And that was a long time ago, and we just c- oh, all that money,  for just about bankrupting us.	Business	bankrupting	us	Org
Attack	Neutrality in a firefight.	Conflict	firefight
Attack	They make this look like a John Wayne movie," said protester Elvis Woods.	Conflict	this
Meet	a federal appeals court will decide how long dirty bomb suspect jose padilla can be retained and whether he can meet with attorneys.	Contact	meet	dirty bomb suspect jose padilla	Entity	attorneys	Entity
Attack	When a car fails to stop, it's the cue for a violent gun battle.	Conflict	battle	gun	Instrument
Marry	The wedding took place in the afternoon, before the ship set sail.	Life	wedding	the afternoon	Time-Within
Die	as you know about a month ago laci peterson's body washed up right here.	Life	body	laci peterson	Victim	a month ago	Time-Before
Transport	Later this month Indonesian President Megawati Sukarnoputri travels to Moscow to seek the Kremlin's help in modernizing her increasingly obsolete 300,000-member armed forces.	Movement	travels	Moscow	Destination	Indonesian President Megawati Sukarnoputri	Artifact	Later this month	Time-Within
Attack	for the latest, though, on the air war, cnn's gary tuchman is joining us now live from an air base not far from iraq.	Conflict	war
Meet	I'm reading ESPN this morning when I stumbled across the story where Kobe Bryant said he'd like to sit down with Shaq and apologize to him for "involving him in my troubles.	Contact	sit	he	Entity	Shaq	Entity
Attack	Ken Pollack, that resistance that we just saw the British troops dealing with, you and I were talking earlier today.	Conflict	resistance	the British troops	Attacker
Marry	Especially for those of us who still have so many years (if one year for every 2 married, then I've still got another 7 or so) to go to get our heads screwed back on and find some sort of life that rivals what we had or what our ex has or what you and your ex have.	Life	married
Meet	Approximately 900 people attended the 2004 conference.	Contact	conference	Approximately 900 people	Entity	2004	Time-Within
Attack	she was there as a journalist in the wake of the 9/11 attacks.	Conflict	attacks	9/11	Time-Within
Trial-Hearing	Criminal Trials.	Justice	Trials
Transport	This was perfect, because it got us door-to-door from the hotel to LHR Terminal 3 with no hassles at all.	Movement	got	it	Vehicle	us	Artifact	LHR Terminal 3	Destination	the hotel	Origin
End-Position	the former governor of basra province also surrendered to coalition forces today.	Personnel	former	the former governor of basra province	Person	basra province	Place	basra province	Entity	governor	Position
Start-Position	It's OK to put Democratic career politicians at the Pentagon and the Justice Department if they're Democrats but not if they're Republicans, is that right.	Personnel	put	Democratic career politicians	Person	the Pentagon	Entity	the Justice Department	Entity
Fine	And in some states, for example, there are doctors that are -- you know, there are 45 payouts in ten years and they're not disciplined by the state medical board.	Justice	payouts	some states	Place	ten years	Time-Within
Meet	In fairness, reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses on behalf of the organization -- including travel and lodging to attend board meetings -- are allowed.	Contact	meetings	board	Entity
Arrest-Jail	No, it was a joint effort by Pakistan.	Justice	it	Pakistan	Agent
Transfer-Money	We pretty much know that Marinello, while on the board, has arranged to get future money from the USCF.	Transaction	get	the USCF	Giver	Marinello	Recipient	future	Time-Within
Attack	also that bomb site in baghdad hit about a week and a half ago, the mansour district.	Conflict	hit	baghdad	Place	bomb	Instrument	about a week and a half ago	Time-Within
Attack	One of the buses in our convoy was held up at knifepoint.	Conflict	held up	One of the buses in our convoy	Target
Attack	And when we put our power punch to them and then the Army and the Marines move forward it's a very effective, coordinated effort.	Conflict	punch	we	Attacker	the Army	Attacker	the Marines	Attacker	them	Target
Sue	So the lawyers sued Gateway, and the settlement approved by the judge consisted of megabucks for the lawyers and coupons to owners of Gateway 486 computers.	Justice	sued	the judge	Adjudicator	Gateway	Defendant	the lawyers	Plaintiff
Attack	If the U.N. Security Council cooperates with U.S. efforts to ``stifle'' North Korea, it would leave the North with ``no other option but to beef up the deterrent force for war by mobilizing all the potentials,'' KCNA quoted the Foreign Ministry spokesman as saying.	Conflict	war
Sue	he's at the heart of half a dozen investigations with fraud and angry investor lawsuits a-plenty.	Justice	lawsuits	he	Defendant	angry investor	Plaintiff
Attack	in a moment, check in the pentagon and get the latest on the iraqi prisoners of war.	Conflict	war
End-Position	let's hear what she had to say last wednesday here on cnn just after announcing her resignation.	Personnel	resignation	her	Person
Transport	the family had been heading to new hampshire from lakeland, florida when their plane went down.	Movement	heading	their plane	Vehicle	the family	Artifact	new hampshire	Destination	lakeland, florida	Origin
Die	There have been rumors going around about the loss of submarines, but this is the first fatal accident that I know of,'' said Cole.	Life	fatal
Die	those who share responsibility for my husband's death must also be held accountable.	Life	death	my husband	Victim	those who share responsibility for my husband's death	Agent
Attack	It was not clear how many people were in the cafe at the time of the blast.	Conflict	blast	the cafe	Place	how many people	Target	the time of the blast	Time-Within
Transport	Nine scanners, developed locally for military purposes, were placed at Singapore's Changi Airport last week to check people arriving from SARS-affected countries.	Movement	arriving	people arriving from SARS-affected countries	Artifact	SARS-affected countries	Origin
Attack	I shot down four more MiGs.	Conflict	shot down	I	Attacker	four more MiGs	Target
Transport	Early Thursday, Kurdish fighters closed off a highway and roads near the airstrip where troops were said to be arriving, outside the town of Bashur, about 30 miles (50 kilometers) northeast of the Kurd-controlled city of Irbil and 30 miles (50 kilometers) south of the Turkish border.	Movement	arriving	troops	Artifact	the airstrip where troops were said to be arriving, outside the town of Bashur, about 30 miles (50 kilometers) northeast of the Kurd-controlled city of Irbil and 30 miles (50 kilometers) south of the Turkish border	Destination
Die	He appeared alert and functioning, certainly not a week away from death from wasting.	Life	death	He	Victim	a week	Time-After
Transport	he was going on a mission south of baghdad when he was close to his target area, all of a sudden he heard a noise.	Movement	going	he	Artifact	baghdad	Destination
Die	This is a bit like rating Stalin and Hitler for badness purely on the grounds of the number of deaths they were responsible for.	Life	deaths	they	Agent
Transport	The main reason I'd like to goto Toronto and Niagara Falls is mainly because it's so close.	Movement	go	I	Artifact	Toronto	Destination
Start-Position	I started here 4 weeks ago.	Personnel	started	I	Person	here	Entity	4 weeks ago	Time-Within
End-Position	For this act of stupidity which had caused a grave crisis in the USCF, the accountant was immediately fired.	Personnel	fired	the accountant	Person	the USCF	Entity
Die	u.s. officials believe zarqawi planned the assassination of u.s. diplomat lawrence foley in jordan last october.	Life	assassination	u.s. diplomat lawrence foley	Victim	zarqawi	Agent	jordan	Place	last october	Time-Within
Attack	We hate any state in war here.	Conflict	war	any state in war here	Attacker
Die	My grandmother (who was Baptist) lived here for a few months before she died in 1995, so I have many connections to the job.	Life	died	My grandmother	Victim	1995	Time-Within
Attack	according to the survey, 56% said they would back military force block iran from developing nuclear weapons.	Conflict	force
Attack	Yup, good ole Kofi told this poor guy to give the secret info over to the very government that was planning the genocide.	Conflict	genocide	the very government that was planning the genocide	Attacker
Attack	major league baseball sent its head of security to chicago to review the second incident of an on-field fan attack in the last seven months.	Conflict	attack	fan	Attacker	the last seven months	Time-Within
Elect	The Sunni's now claim that the vote is not legitimate because they didn't vote.	Personnel	vote
Die	Pearl was murdered by terrorists in Pakistan.	Life	murdered	Pearl	Victim	terrorists	Agent	Pakistan	Place
Attack	Roh has said any pre-emptive strike against the North's nuclear facilities could prove disastrous.	Conflict	strike	the North	Place	the North's nuclear facilities	Target
Transfer-Money	It's irrelevant because the REAL question is whether an active board member can, while on the board, arrange to be given money by the USCF.	Transaction	given	the USCF	Giver	an active board member	Recipient
Transport	Yeah, you had to cross a little walking, swinging bridge to get to this man's house, you know.	Movement	get to	you	Artifact	this man's house	Destination
Transport	In the final push to Baghdad, U.S. forces face limited resistance from Iraqi troops.	Movement	push	U.S. forces	Artifact	Baghdad	Destination
Attack	And I wanted to just start this off by saying a lot of people when they hear about urban combat, they think of that Blackhawk down scenario, Mogadishu and the problems that can go wrong here.	Conflict	combat
Attack	It looks and feels like terrorism and what it requires is units to conduct forced production activities which they are prepared and do all the time but clearly when you see a tactic like this, it requires strict adherence or adjustments to your tactics, techniques and procedures to ensure that places like checkpoints are not vulnerable.	Conflict	terrorism
Transfer-Money	The gift, payable over three years, is the largest ever given the university by an active faculty member, according to UVA President John Casteen.	Transaction	gift	the university	Recipient	over three years	Time-Within	an active faculty member	Giver
Die	I'm fifty-one, and both of my parents have been dead a while.	Life	dead	both of my parents	Victim
Attack	The FBI, concerned that terrorists could use lasers as weapons, is investigating why laser beams were directed into the cockpits of seven airplanes in flight since Christmas.	Conflict	use	the cockpits of seven airplanes in flight	Target	laser beams	Instrument	Christmas	Time-After
Transport	Drive back to Niagara Falls that evening - 85 miles.	Movement	Drive	Niagara Falls	Destination	that evening	Time-Within
Attack	The intensity it's very quick moving, very fluid battle.	Conflict	battle
Transfer-Money	Similar claims over US-based auctions were settled in an agreement struck in September 2000 for a total of 512 million dollars.	Transaction	settled	512 million dollars	Money	September 2000	Time-After
Meet	In Beijing, chief U.S. negotiator, Assistant Secretary of State James Kelly, declined to answer questions, saying only the sides ``had talks.	Contact	talks	Beijing	Place	the sides	Entity
Attack	The Americans say they've destroyed two divisions of the elite Republican Guard.	Conflict	destroyed	they	Attacker	two divisions of the elite Republican Guard	Target
Transport	After that, we took the underground into London.	Movement	took	the underground	Vehicle	we	Artifact	London	Destination
Transport	they will enter the atmosphere on opposite sides of the planet in january and then deploy parachutes and air bags to cushion their arrival on the rust-colored surface.	Movement	arrival	they	Vehicle	the rust-colored surface	Destination	january	Time-Within
Transport	sars is spreading, major league baseball plans to warn its players heading to canada, particularly to toronto for the all-star break in july to take some precaugs.	Movement	heading	its players heading to canada	Artifact	canada	Destination	july	Time-Within
Attack	We don't need war.	Conflict	war
Meet	This programming note, tomorrow at noon Eastern I'll have a special interview with the nation's top military officer, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.	Contact	interview	I	Entity	the nation's top military officer	Entity	tomorrow	Time-Within
Transfer-Money	It is reasonable, however, to reimburse board members for legitimate and necessary expenses incurred in order to serve on the board.	Transaction	reimburse	board members	Recipient
Attack	Warplanes pounded forward Iraqi positions in the hills overlooking Chamchamal, 35 kilometers (22 miles) east of the key oil city of Kirkuk.	Conflict	pounded	Warplanes	Instrument	the hills overlooking Chamchamal, 35 kilometers (22 miles) east of the key oil city of Kirkuk	Place
Die	Christopher Reeve could have died from an allergic reaction.	Life	died	Christopher Reeve	Victim
Nominate	You know who I would name.	Personnel	name	who	Person	I	Agent
Transport	Immigration and Checkpoints Authority spokeswoman Ngoon Pei Ling said during the trial period the scanners would be placed at bus checkpoints, where passengers are already required to disembark for immigration purposes.	Movement	disembark	bus	Vehicle	passengers	Artifact	bus checkpoints, where passengers are already required to disembark for immigration purposes	Destination
Elect	Hell when the worst possible event in the election was happening, Sistani was flooding the polls with his supporters Bush was crowing.	Personnel	election
Arrest-Jail	Listen, we should be arresting a lot of people.	Justice	arresting	a lot of people	Person	we	Agent
Attack	Any rational person hates war.	Conflict	war
Attack	central command says troops were involved in a gun battle yesterday.	Conflict	battle	troops	Attacker	gun	Instrument	yesterday	Time-Within
Transport	Plus while driving back north to Boston we can spend the day in NYC.	Movement	driving	we	Artifact	Boston	Destination
Start-Org	I would think, probably, various facilities as well as major government buildings that they need to control to set up a new government.	Business	set up	government	Org	they	Agent
Sentence	Thumb your nose at the court often enough, and they will bring all sorts of crap down on your head, re-instituting the original suspended sentences and possibly adding on for the FTA.	Justice	sentences	the court	Adjudicator	your	Defendant	the original suspended sentences	Sentence	the FTA	Crime
End-Position	Of course, it was just a pure coincidence that the 17 people Beatriz fired were the people she had grown to dislike during the year that she worked for the USCF in 1999-2000.	Personnel	fired	the 17 people Beatriz fired	Person	the USCF	Entity
Transport	The vehicle was carrying Syrians fleeing the war in Iraq.	Movement	carrying	The vehicle	Vehicle	Syrians fleeing the war in Iraq	Artifact	Iraq	Origin
Elect	Garner's Office of Reconstruction and Humanitarian Assistance is charged with coordinating humanitarian assistance, rebuilding infrastructure shattered by years of war and U.N. sanctions, and gradually handing back power to Iraqis leading a democratically elected government.	Personnel	elected	a democratically elected government	Entity
Charge-Indict	yesterday a silent dee ana laney waited as the judge read the charges against her.	Justice	charges	the judge	Adjudicator	a silent dee ana laney	Defendant	yesterday	Time-Within
Transport	I don't know about the rest of you but I think that in the next few weeks I will be moving supplies and equipment to my site in eastern Oregon.	Movement	moving	I	Agent	my site in eastern Oregon	Destination	the next few weeks	Time-Within
Transport	she has no idea where her husband is now, but thanks to a little help from a delta flight attendant, she knew he got where he was going.	Movement	got	he	Artifact	where	Destination
Convict	Toefting has been convicted before.	Justice	convicted	Toefting	Defendant	before	Time-Within
Marry	i'm sure that it was difficult for her personally, but i think the commuter marriage perhaps would have been less stressful if everyday she didn't see herself being undermined and overruledded.	Life	marriage
Sentence	TV2, quoting Toefting's lawyer Anders Nemeth, reported that that 33-year-old midfielder was ready to serve his sentence immediately.	Justice	sentence	his	Defendant	immediately	Time-Within
Phone-Write	He wants to call his mom in Houston.	Contact	call	He	Entity	his mom	Entity
Meet	This needs to be constructed, maybe through a conference to be held in Baghdad, where representatives from provinces all over Iraq need to participate, as well as political groups.	Contact	conference	Baghdad	Place	representatives from provinces all over Iraq	Entity	political groups	Entity
Charge-Indict	another six executives from enron could be charged with securities fraud and other crimes.	Justice	charged	another six executives from enron	Defendant	securities fraud	Crime	other crimes	Crime
Attack	But by and large, the Republican Guard has either been destroyed or has withdrawn.	Conflict	destroyed	the Republican Guard	Target
Die	Cole said the loss of all hands suggested the vessel was flooded or sank because of a collision or engineering problem.	Life	loss	all hands	Victim
Marry	he is married to the iraqi microbiologist known as dr. germ.	Life	married	he	Person	the iraqi microbiologist known as dr. germ	Person
Transfer-Ownership	The Air Force is reportedly considering purchasing several squadrons of Sukhoi Su-27 interceptors, considered the world's premier dogfighters.	Transaction	purchasing	several squadrons of Sukhoi Su-27 interceptors, considered the world's premier dogfighters	Artifact	The Air Force	Buyer
Transport	Oh yeah and what's going on in, I know and people -- flock, flock to the store to buy all their -- all their foreign made goods and it's like what are you -- doing.	Movement	flock	the store	Destination	people	Artifact
Injure	For others, the stories can be seen in their injuries.	Life	injuries	their	Victim
Injure	other report at least 15 are wounded.	Life	wounded	at least 15	Victim
Attack	a man who had assault, he actually had assault with a deadly weapon, this is pictures.	Conflict	assault	a man who had assault	Attacker	a deadly weapon	Instrument
Meet	British efforts to provide a way out of the diplomatic mire at the United Nations ended without agreement late Thursday, but with London's ambassador to the UN, Jeremy Greenstock, saying he expected talks to go on into the weekend.	Contact	talks	into the weekend	Time-Within
Transport	Go down Texas Ave. until you come to South West Parkway.	Movement	come	you	Artifact	South West Parkway	Destination	Texas Ave	Origin
Die	the boys' mother and two other brothers were killed.	Life	killed	the boys' mother and two other brothers	Victim	two other brothers	Victim
Elect	Mischie was right to criticize the national leaders, because PSD got a good share in the elections in his area.	Personnel	elections	his area	Place
Start-Position	sean patrick o'malley, the bishop of palm beach, florida, is expected to replace cardinal bernard law.	Personnel	replace	sean patrick o'malley	Person
Start-Position	Ev- everything kind of stopped when- -- when he became president and all,  uh,  activity regarding -- Israel, Palestine stopped.	Personnel	became	he	Person	president	Position
Fine	Waksal was also ordered to pay more than 4 million dollars in fines and back taxes.	Justice	fines	Waksal	Entity	more than 4 million dollars	Money
Charge-Indict	the prosecution of premarital or extramarital sex is not quite as rare as you might think.	Justice	prosecution	premarital or extramarital sex	Crime
Transport	When the medics came to the two Iraqis, the ING soldiers only wanted to know how everybody else was.	Movement	came	the medics	Artifact
Meet	at a white house gathering of aids activists and lawmakers from around the world, the president said hir plan could prevent 7 million new hiv infections -- and treat at least 2 million people over the next decade.	Contact	gathering	white house	Place	aids activists and lawmakers from around the world	Entity	aids activists and lawmakers from around the world	Entity	the president	Entity
Arrest-Jail	he had him arrested by his fedayeen saddam.	Justice	arrested	him	Person	his fedayeen saddam	Agent
Attack	We are interested in concluding this conflict, not having a pause right now or stopping right now, but concluding this as quickly as possible so we can get on with the rebuilding of Iraq and putting in place a better system of governance," Powell said in an interview with the Al-Jazeera Arab television network.	Conflict	conflict	We	Attacker	Iraq	Place
Attack	He was not given very much to work with--Cheney and Rummy are the ones to blame for the screwed up war plans-of course I am sure they will get their medals too.	Conflict	war
Meet	And in northern Iraq, Kurdish political leaders and members of the Iraqi opposition are engaged in talks with U.S. military commanders.	Contact	talks	northern Iraq	Place	Kurdish political leaders	Entity	members of the Iraqi opposition	Entity	U.S. military commanders	Entity
Attack	had to stop an attack south of baghdad.	Conflict	attack	baghdad	Place
Die	Look at what happened a couple days ago, they killed, um,  like seventy people.	Life	killed	like seventy people	Victim	a couple days ago	Time-Within	they	Agent
Demonstrate	yesterday, protesters blocked the entrance to protest what they claim is the company's inaction against global warming.	Conflict	protest	protesters	Entity	yesterday	Time-Within
Transport	Well, I I don't remember who they sent, but they did send over some very -- low level state department person.	Movement	send	some very -- low level state department person	Artifact	they	Agent
Sue	michael jackson filed suit against universal music, the parent company of motown records saying he owe him for music he recorded with the jackson five back in the 1970s.	Justice	suit	universal music	Defendant	michael jackson	Plaintiff
Attack	brigadier general vince brooks confirmed a usa-10 warthog aircraft was shot down by an iraqi missile today.	Conflict	shot down	a usa-10 warthog aircraft	Target	an iraqi missile	Instrument	today	Time-Within
Elect	And, um, elections wore me down.	Personnel	elections
Elect	They faced, however, no pressure from the rest of the country, nor from the "occupying" forces to stay away from the vote.	Personnel	vote
Charge-Indict	The lawyer of former Zambian president Frederick Chiluba was reprimanded by a Lusaka magistrate when his client failed to appear in court on theft charges Friday.	Justice	charges	his client	Defendant	a Lusaka magistrate	Prosecutor	court	Place	theft	Crime
End-Org	Just heard yesterday that Hewlett Packard is shutting down its plant in Eugene, (Thank you very much MS. Fiorina)and SUN Micro systems is all but gone from Oregon.	Business	shutting down	Eugene	Place	its plant in Eugene	Org
Demonstrate	The city assigned 2,000 police officers to the rally, including undercover officers who carried beeper-sized radiation detectors and other counter-terrorism equipment.	Conflict	rally	The city	Place
Attack	This will be the Hmong's God-given chance to fight for their own country.	Conflict	fight	the Hmong	Attacker
Transfer-Money	Allegations have come to light that several OSU players received illegal benefits including cash, access to cars, etc.	Transaction	received	several OSU players	Recipient
Attack	I think he got into an argument with her and he pushed her.	Conflict	pushed	he	Attacker	her	Target
Die	On a much sadder note, the Minister of Defense, Reggie White, died of heart attack this morning in his home at the age of 43.	Life	died	the Minister of Defense	Victim	his home	Place	this morning	Time-Within
Start-Position	And when I started there, in two thousand and two,  there were only twenty-three employees, and to date, we have about a hundred and forty.	Personnel	started	I	Person	there	Entity	two thousand and two	Time-Within
Sue	Researchers affiliated with the clearinghouse just released an interesting report about securities class action trends during 2004.	Justice	action	2004	Time-Within
Attack	We get reports that these civilians especially in the (INAUDIBLE) population have been attacked by the Iraqi regime themselves so they can't blame the American and said look what the American doing to us.	Conflict	attacked	the Iraqi regime themselves	Attacker	us	Place	these civilians	Target	the (INAUDIBLE) population	Target
Declare-Bankruptcy	The company intended to use the cash to pay an artificially low price for Yukos assets (hence that firm's bankruptcy filing a few days ago -- you know it's bad when you have to use US courts to protect your own assets from appropriation by your home country.	Business	bankruptcy	that firm	Org	a few days ago	Time-Within
Meet	But they also discussed the Middle East and, as well, getting the Northern Ireland peace process started up again.	Contact	discussed	they	Entity
Attack	The Iraqis still haven't used chemical weapons, even though many experts feared such attacks as the U.S. troops neared Baghdad.	Conflict	attacks	chemical weapons	Instrument	The Iraqis	Attacker
Attack	last month in miami, a judge ordered an abortion for another severely disabled raped woman who had been living this a state-regulated home.	Conflict	raped	a state-regulated home	Place	another severely disabled raped woman who had been living this a state-regulated home	Target
Attack	I agree with my dad and, you know, if anybody should know it's someone that fought in a war, you know.	Conflict	war
End-Org	That business is O-V-E-R -- Between pay-per-view, video-on-demand, pirated movies, high-bandwidth Internet broadcasts, and the increasing availability of other media, it takes some faith to see any future for movie rentals.	Business	O-V-E-R	That business	Org
Transport	A day ago it was controlled by Iraqi troops and packed with these land mines but now we can drive far enough to see the outskirts of Kirkuk.	Movement	drive	we	Artifact	it	Destination	now	Time-Within
Meet	You have company coming over for dinner.	Contact	coming over	You	Entity	company	Entity
Transfer-Money	I'll donate to the Democrats.	Transaction	donate	I	Giver	the Democrats	Recipient
Attack	Now that the war is winding down, is his support among Democrats looking up.	Conflict	war
Transport	Some army units routed Iraqi fighters from a Republican Guard headquarters inside the capital.	Movement	routed	Iraqi fighters	Artifact	a Republican Guard headquarters inside the capital	Origin
Fine	the jury has handed down a $30 million, a grand rapids jury saying taco bell has to pay the true creators of the chihuahua mass cot.	Justice	pay	taco bell	Entity	a grand rapids jury	Adjudicator	$30 million	Money
Sue	Anyway, it looks like they're denying Chinese involvement to avoid a lawsuit , which is funny -- you'd think they might know someone in the Russian judiciary who could help them out.	Justice	lawsuit	the Russian judiciary	Adjudicator	they	Defendant
Transport	that is the very joyous town of palestine, west virginia, on the news that jessica lynch is eventually going to come home.	Movement	come	jessica lynch	Artifact	home	Destination
Phone-Write	The secretary of state has written you a letter expressing, apparently, some concern about the length that the prisoners are going to be spending, those detained at the U.S. Naval base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba, about 600 or so of them.	Contact	letter	The secretary of state	Entity	you	Entity
Attack	Among the sea of banners making its way up Broadway were many signs poking fun at President George W. Bush. "Somewhere in Texas, a village is missing an idiot," said one sign. "Iraq war: An unelected extremist vs. an unelected extremist," and "Take the toys away from junior.	Conflict	war	An unelected extremist	Attacker	Iraq	Place	an unelected extremist	Target
Meet	So I went and volunteered for him and everything, and -- and I met Hillary, and and Tipper and Al, and and I almost got to meet him.	Contact	met	I	Entity	Hillary	Entity	Tipper	Entity	Al	Entity
End-Position	He's retired with the United States Army.	Personnel	retired	He	Person	the United States Army	Entity
Attack	Well, at the Pentagon briefing this afternoon, officials describing several units of the Republican Guard as effectively no longer being a credible fighting force.	Conflict	fighting
End-Org	now, from the israeli perspective, that also means they would expect palestinian authority to fairly quickly begin to disarm and dismantle organizations like hamas in particular.	Business	dismantle	organizations like hamas	Org
Transfer-Money	because I don't know if you watch the news a lot, but,  uh, like, last summer they showed military people standing on lines for, like, getting food and stuff that they don't get paid enough -- to where.	Transaction	paid	they	Recipient
Die	more now on the louisiana serial killings.	Life	killings	louisiana	Place
Attack	They're not pointing out that inspections are working only because there's the credible threat of war.	Conflict	war
End-Position	Oh thi- you were surprised that he yo- that he decided to step down.	Personnel	step down	he	Person
Elect	Other topics -- you know, usually about the election that- -- that, um,  I did have -- a lot of things,  um, to say.	Personnel	election
Attack	is it doing anything to tighten up security in these places with respect defenseless people are being attacked.	Conflict	attacked	these places	Place	defenseless people	Target
Transfer-Ownership	It's a base that was taken over by the coalition last week.	Transaction	taken over	a base that was taken over by the coalition last week	Artifact	the coalition	Buyer
Attack	God will disgrace them,'' they said, referring to invading American and British troops.	Conflict	invading	invading American and British troops	Attacker
Attack	Dodging missiles and triple-A fire is something new to this squadron.	Conflict	fire	triple-A	Instrument
Demonstrate	6:21 eastern time, 2:21 p.m. in iraq, iraqi protesters demonstrate outside a baghdad mosque, opposing what they call the u.s. occupation, and saying any new iraqi government must represent the people.	Conflict	demonstrate	a baghdad mosque	Place	iraqi protesters	Entity	6:21 eastern time	Time-Within	2:21 p.m	Time-Within
Charge-Indict	a former fbi informant accused of being a double agent has been indicted.	Justice	indicted	a former fbi informant accused of being a double agent	Defendant	being a double agent	Crime
Attack	now, you are expert of preemptive strike...LOL.	Conflict	strike
Trial-Hearing	Okay, I -- have been following the trial, I don't know why, ever since this whole thing happened.	Justice	trial
Charge-Indict	leung's lawyers wasted little time responding to the grand jury indictment.	Justice	indictment	grand jury	Adjudicator	leung	Defendant	leung's lawyers	Defendant
Nominate	Senator Christopher Dodd of Connecticut made the announcement today that he would not be the 10th candidate for the nomination.	Personnel	nomination	the 10th candidate for the nomination	Person
Declare-Bankruptcy	Yes, but according to the facts you first gave, he had not yet received the bankruptcy discharge when you gave him the shares.	Business	bankruptcy
Attack	CNN's Kelly Wallace reports on today's attack in Netanya.	Conflict	attack	Netanya	Place	today	Time-Within
Charge-Indict	if she lied, then that is the obstruction of justice charge.	Justice	charge	she	Defendant	obstruction of justice	Crime
Die	Lovely, she refuses an autopsy which could prove how her husband died, but then she turns around and makes accusations like this against his treatment, and in effect, his doctors.	Life	died	her husband	Victim
Attack	Staff Sergeant Tom Ridge opened fire.	Conflict	fire	Staff Sergeant Tom Ridge	Attacker
Charge-Indict	the 11th executive of health south charged with two counts of bank fraud.	Justice	charged	the 11th executive of health south	Defendant	two counts of bank fraud	Crime
Meet	we got to meet up with one such family.	Contact	meet up	we	Entity	one such family	Entity
End-Position	i'm not leaving because of clashes with the administration, in fact, i haven't had any.	Personnel	leaving	i	Person
Transport	The British said they had enough control over the area to begin sending in ships.	Movement	sending	ships	Vehicle	they	Agent	the area	Destination
Trial-Hearing	Yeah, uh, I think it's kind of strange how it was so publicized.	Justice	it
Trial-Hearing	Ummm, am I the only one that learned anything from the Michael Irvin drug trial of the mid 90's.	Justice	trial	Michael Irvin	Defendant	the mid 90's	Time-Within
Transfer-Ownership	That's not the sort of thing you pick up at a military surplus store.	Transaction	pick up	That	Artifact	a military surplus store	Place	you	Buyer
Charge-Indict	The matter is before this court and whether an accused person wishes to request for an adjournment or they wish to be absent for any other reason, such a request must be done here,'' said Magistrate Christopher Shacifwa.	Justice	accused	an accused person	Defendant
End-Position	yesterday american pilots mechanics approved their share $1.8 billion in labor concession. america warns it will seek more layoffs if it does file for chapter 11.	Personnel	layoffs	it	Entity
Attack	Jamie, these descriptions of the weakening of the Republican Guard begin to bring back memories of the first Gulf War 12 years ago.	Conflict	War	Gulf	Place	12 years ago	Time-Ending
Attack	He was he was basically -- I mean, I've read I've read articles an- and- and- and -- stories that basically have linked him to the to the to the Munich -- massacre -- th- you know, the Munich Olympic massacre th- the Is- the Israeli team.	Conflict	massacre	him	Attacker	Munich	Place	the Israeli team	Target
Elect	So, uh the election, um -- the, um -- let's see, overall I felt -- ju- just give you a brief -- summary, I felt -- that -- John Kerry and Edwards were were pretty strong candidates and -- uh -- mm, I don't know, I guess just in terms of policy I didn't -- I didn't, uh, find -- that as compelling as just -- the personality of -- the different candidates.	Personnel	election	John Kerry	Person	Edwards	Person	pretty strong candidates	Person	the different candidates	Person
Attack	It doesn't mean we have to go to war.	Conflict	war	we	Attacker
Attack	Witnesses say they heard blasts around a presidential complex in the center of the city.	Conflict	blasts	a presidential complex in the center of the city	Place
Meet	instead, during a meeting that lasted only minutes, team owner told jordan his services were no longer necessary.	Contact	meeting	team owner	Entity	jordan	Entity	minutes	Time-Holds
Phone-Write	please continue to write to us.	Contact	write	us	Entity
Attack	on highest alert as a carrier at war.	Conflict	war	a carrier at war	Instrument
Meet	Blair and Bush were to hold a joint press conference at 1600 GMT Thursday.	Contact	conference	Blair	Entity	Bush	Entity	1600 GMT Thursday	Time-Within
Die	Refugees in Baghdad have confirmed the rumours that the 'Mujahideen' are forcing men from 15-50 years old to stay and that they were threatened with execution if they refuse to carry arms in defense of the town.	Life	execution	they	Victim
Arrest-Jail	he served less than nine years.	Justice	served	he	Person	less than nine years	Time-Holds
Attack	Typically, when they'd assault a target like this, they'd do what.	Conflict	assault	they	Attacker	a target like this	Target
Injure	It came pretty close and the concussion knocked my tooth out.	Life	knocked	my	Victim
